
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute forwarding\-rules create \- create a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a load balancer



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute forwarding\-rules create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-address\fR\ \fIADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-ip\-protocol\fR\ \fIIP_PROTOCOL\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-range\fR\ [\fIPORT\fR\ |\ \fIPORT\-PORT\fR]\ |\ \fB\-\-ports\fR\ [\fIPORT\fR\ |\ \fIPORT\-PORT\fR],[[\fIPORT\fR\ |\ \fIPORT\-PORT\fR],...]] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR\ \fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\ \fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\ \fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-instance\fR\ \fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-pool\fR\ \fITARGET_POOL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR\ \fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR\ \fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute forwarding\-rules create\fR is used to create a forwarding
rule. Forwarding rules match and direct certain types of traffic to a load
balancer which is controlled by a target pool, a target instance, or a target
HTTP proxy. Target pools and target instances perform load balancing at the
layer 3 of the OSI networking model
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_layer). Target HTTP proxies perform load
balancing at layer 7.

Forwarding rules can be either regional or global. They are regional if they
point to a target pool or a target instance and global if they point to a target
HTTP proxy.

For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/.


When creating a forwarding rule, exactly one of
\f5\fI\-\-target\-instance\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-pool\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\fR, or
\f5\fI\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR\fR must be specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the forwarding rule.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-address\fR \fIADDRESS\fR
.RS 2m
The external IP address that the forwarding rule will serve. All traffic sent to
this IP address is directed to the target pointed to by the forwarding rule. If
the address is reserved, it must either (1) reside in the global scope if the
forwarding rule is being configured to point to a target HTTP proxy or (2)
reside in the same region as the forwarding rule if the forwarding rule is being
configured to point to a target pool or target instance. If this flag is
omitted, an ephemeral IP address is assigned.

.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional textual description for the forwarding rule.

.RE
\fB\-\-global\fR
.RS 2m
If provided, assume the forwarding rules are global. A forwarding rule is global
if it references a target HTTP proxy.

.RE
\fB\-\-ip\-protocol\fR \fIIP_PROTOCOL\fR
.RS 2m
The IP protocol that the rule will serve. If left empty, TCP is used. Supported
protocols are: AH, ESP, SCTP, TCP, UDP.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\-range\fR [\fIPORT\fR | \fIPORT\-PORT\fR]
.RS 2m
DEPRECATED, use \-\-ports. If specified, only packets addressed to ports in the
specified range will be forwarded. If not specified for regional forwarding
rules, all ports are matched. This flag is required for global forwarding rules.

Either an individual port (\f5\-\-port\-range 80\fR) or a range of ports
(\f5\-\-port\-range 3000\-3100\fR) may be specified.

.RE
\fB\-\-ports\fR [\fIPORT\fR | \fIPORT\-PORT\fR],[[\fIPORT\fR | \fIPORT\-PORT\fR],...]
.RS 2m
If specified, only packets addressed to ports in the specified list will be
forwarded. If not specified for regional forwarding rules, all ports are
matched. This flag is required for global forwarding rules and accepts a single
continuous set of ports.

Individual ports and ranges can be specified, for example (\f5\-\-ports
8000\-8004\fR or \f5\-\-ports 80\fR).

.RE
\fB\-\-region\fR \fIREGION\fR
.RS 2m
The region of the forwarding rule to operate on. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR \fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR
.RS 2m
The target HTTP proxy that will receive the traffic.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR \fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR
.RS 2m
The target HTTPS proxy that will receive the traffic.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-instance\fR \fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the target instance that will receive the traffic. The target
instance must be in a zone that's in the forwarding rule's region. Global
forwarding rules may not direct traffic to target instances. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR \fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the target instance.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR \fITARGET_POOL\fR
.RS 2m
The target pool that will receive the traffic. The target pool must be in the
same region as the forwarding rule. Global forwarding rules may not direct
traffic to target pools.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR \fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
.RS 2m
The target VPN gateway that will receive forwarded traffic.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
