
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ADD\-ACCESS\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances add\-access\-config \- create a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances add\-access\-config\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR\ \fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR;\ default="external\-nat"] [\fB\-\-address\fR\ \fIADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR\ \fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances add\-access\-config\fR is used to create access
configurations for network interfaces of Google Compute Engine virtual machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance to add the access configuration to.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR \fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR; default="external\-nat"
.RS 2m
Specifies the name of the new access configuration. \f5\fIexternal\-nat\fR\fR is
used as the default if this flag is not provided.

.RE
\fB\-\-address\fR \fIADDRESS\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies the external IP address of the new access configuration. If this is
not specified, then the service will choose an available ephemeral IP address.
If an explicit IP address is given, then that IP address must be reserved by the
project and not be in use by another resource.

.RE
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR \fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
.RS 2m
Specifies the name of the network interface on which to add the new access
configuration. If this is not provided, then "nic0" is used as the default.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to add an access config to. If not specified, you will
be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
