
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HTTPS\-HEALTH\-CHECKS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute https\-health\-checks update \- update an HTTPS health check



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute https\-health\-checks update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR\ \fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR\ \fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR\ \fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR\ \fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-request\-path\fR\ \fIREQUEST_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR\ \fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR\ \fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute https\-health\-checks update\fR is used to update an existing
HTTPS health check. Only arguments passed in will be updated on the health
check. Other attributes will remain unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the HTTPS health check.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR \fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR
.RS 2m
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. Valid units for this flag
are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
A textual description for the HTTPS health check. Pass in an empty string to
unset.

.RE
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR \fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
.RS 2m
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy.

.RE
\fB\-\-host\fR \fIHOST\fR
.RS 2m
The value of the host header used in this HTTPS health check request. By
default, this is empty and Google Compute Engine automatically sets the host
header in health requests to the same external IP address as the forwarding rule
associated with the target pool. Setting this to an empty string will clear any
existing host value.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\fR \fIPORT\fR
.RS 2m
The TCP port number that this health check monitors.

.RE
\fB\-\-request\-path\fR \fIREQUEST_PATH\fR
.RS 2m
The request path that this health check monitors. For example,
\f5\fI/healthcheck\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-timeout\fR \fITIMEOUT\fR
.RS 2m
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive an HTTPS 200 response from the instance
by the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. Valid
units for this flag are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.RE
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR \fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
.RS 2m
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
