
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_SNAPSHOT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks snapshot \- create snapshots of Google Compute Engine persistent disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks snapshot\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR\ \fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-snapshot\-names\fR\ \fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,[\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create snapshots of Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

\fBgcloud compute disks snapshot\fR creates snapshots of persistent disks.
Snapshots are useful for backing up data or copying a persistent disk. Once
created, snapshots may be managed (listed, deleted, etc.) via \f5\fIgcloud
compute snapshots\fR\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR ...]
.RS 2m
The names of the disks to snapshot.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR \fIFILE\fR
.RS 2m
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description for the snapshots being created.

.RE
\fB\-\-snapshot\-names\fR \fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,[\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Names to assign to the snapshots. Without this option, the name of each snapshot
will be a random, 16\-character hexadecimal number that starts with a letter.
The values of this option run parallel to the disks specified. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks snapshot my\-disk\-1 my\-disk\-2 my\-disk\-3 \e
    \-\-snapshot\-names snapshot\-1,snapshot\-2,snapshot\-3
.RE

will result in \f5\fImy\-disk\-1\fR\fR being snapshotted as
\f5\fIsnapshot\-1\fR\fR, \f5\fImy\-disk\-2\fR\fR as \f5\fIsnapshot\-2\fR\fR, and
so on.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the disks to snapshot. If not specified, you will be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
