
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_ABANDON\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed abandon\-instances \- abandon instances owned by a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed abandon\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed abandon\-instances\fR abandons one or
more instances from a managed instance group, thereby reducing the targetSize of
the group. Once instances have been abandoned, the currentSize of the group is
automatically reduced as well to reflect the change.

Abandoning an instance does not delete the underlying virtual machine instances,
but just removes the instances from the instance group. If you would like the
delete the underlying instances, use the delete\-instances command instead.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The managed instance group name.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-instances\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Names of instances to abandon.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance group manager to abandon instances. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
