
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-DISK\-AUTO\-DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete \- set auto\-delete behavior for disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-no\-auto\-delete\fR] [\fB\-\-device\-name\fR\ \fIDEVICE_NAME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-disk\fR\ \fIDISK\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB$gcloud compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR is used to configure the
auto\-delete behavior for disks attached to Google Compute Engine virtual
machines. When auto\-delete is on, the persistent disk is deleted when the
instance it is attached to is deleted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIINSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance for which to configure disk auto\-deletion.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-auto\-delete\fR
.RS 2m
Enables auto\-delete for the given disk. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-auto\-delete\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-device\-name\fR \fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies a disk to set auto\-delete for by its device name, which is the name
that the guest operating system sees. The device name is set at the time that
the disk is attached to the instance, and need not be the same as the persistent
disk name. If the disk's device name is specified, then its persistent disk name
must not be specified using the \f5\fI\-\-disk\fR\fR flag.

.RE
\fB\-\-disk\fR \fIDISK\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies a disk to set auto\-delete for by its resource name. If you specify a
disk to set auto\-delete for by persistent disk name, then you must not specify
its device name using the \f5\fI\-\-device\-name\fR\fR flag.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to configure disk auto\-delete for. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
