
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP_GEN\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app gen\-config \- generate missing configuration files for a source directory



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app gen\-config\fR [\fISOURCE_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-config\fR\ \fICONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\fR] [\fB\-\-runtime\fR\ \fIRUNTIME\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(PREVIEW)\fR This command generates all relevant config files (app.yaml,
Dockerfile and a build Dockerfile) for your application in the current directory
or emits an error message if the source directory contents are not recognized.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fISOURCE_DIR\fR]
.RS 2m
The source directory to fingerprint.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-config\fR \fICONFIG\fR
.RS 2m
The yaml file defining the service configuration. This is normally one of the
generated files, but when generating a custom runtime there can be an app.yaml
containing parameters.

.RE
\fB\-\-custom\fR
.RS 2m
If true, generate config files for a custom runtime. This will produce a
Dockerfile, a .dockerignore file and an app.yaml (possibly other files as well,
depending on the runtime).

.RE
\fB\-\-runtime\fR \fIRUNTIME\fR
.RS 2m
Generate config files for a given runtime. Can be used in conjunction with
\-\-custom. Allowed runtimes are: contrib\-dart, dart, go, php, php55, python,
python27, python\-compat, java, java7, nodejs, ruby.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To generate configs for the current directory:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app gen\-config
.RE

To generate configs for ~/my_app:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app gen\-config ~/my_app
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in DEVELOPER PREVIEW and may change without notice.

