
.TH "GCLOUD_AUTH_APPLICATION\-DEFAULT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud auth application\-default \- manage your active Application Default Credentials



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud auth application\-default\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Application Default Credentials provide a simple way to get authorization
credentials for use in calling Google APIs. These commands assist in managing
the active credentials on your machine that are used for testing purposes during
local application development.

These credentials are strictly used by Google client libraries in your own
application. They are not used for any API calls made by the \f5gcloud\fR CLI,
nor do they have any interaction with the credentials acquired by \f5gcloud auth
login\fR.

For more information on ADC and how they work, see:

.RS 2m
https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/application\-default\-credentials
.RE



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlogin\fR
Acquire new user credentials to use for Application Default Credentials.

.TP 2m
\fBprint\-access\-token\fR
Print an access token for the your current Application Default Credentials.

.TP 2m
\fBrevoke\fR
Revoke previously generated Application Default Credentials.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a service account and have your application use it for API access,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts create my\-account
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys create key.json
  \-\-iam\-account=my\-account@my\-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com
$ export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=key.json
$ ./my_application.sh
.RE

If you want your local application to temporarily use your own user credentials,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth application\-default login
.RE

which will take you through a web flow to acquire new user credentials.
