
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances delete \- delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances delete\fR \fINAMES\fR [\fINAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-disks\fR=\fIDISK\-TYPE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-keep\-disks\fR=\fIDISK\-TYPE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances delete\fR deletes one or more Google Compute Engine
virtual machine instances.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAMES\fR [\fINAMES\fR ...]
The names of the instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-disks\fR=\fIDISK\-TYPE\fR
The types of disks to delete with instance deletion regardless of the disks'
auto\-delete configuration. When this flag is provided, the auto\-delete bits on
the attached disks are modified accordingly before the instance deletion
requests are issued. For more information on disk auto\-deletion, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/persistent\-disks#updateautodelete.
\fIDISK\-TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
All disk types.
.TP 2m
\fBboot\fR
The first partition is reserved for the root filesystem.
.TP 2m
\fBdata\fR
A non\-boot disk.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keep\-disks\fR=\fIDISK\-TYPE\fR
The types of disks to not delete with instance deletion regardless of the disks'
auto\-delete configuration. When this flag is provided, the auto\-delete bits on
the attached disks are modified accordingly before the instance deletion
requests are issued. For more information on disk auto\-deletion, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/persistent\-disks#updateautodelete.
\fIDISK\-TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
All disk types.
.TP 2m
\fBboot\fR
The first partition is reserved for the root filesystem.
.TP 2m
\fBdata\fR
A non\-boot disk.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
