
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_RECORD\-SETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns record\-sets \- manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns record\-sets\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones.



.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBchanges\fR
.RS 2m
View details about changes to your Cloud DNS record\-sets.

.RE
\fBtransaction\fR
.RS 2m
Make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets.


.RE

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBexport\fR
.RS 2m
Export your record\-sets into a file.

.RE
\fBimport\fR
.RS 2m
Import record\-sets into your managed\-zone.

.RE
\fBlist\fR
.RS 2m
View the list of record\-sets in a managed\-zone.


.RE

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import record\-sets from a BIND zone file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets \-z MANAGED_ZONE import \e
    \-\-zone\-file\-format ZONE_FILE
.RE

To export record\-sets in yaml format, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets \-z MANAGED_ZONE export
.RE

To see how to make scriptable changes to your record\-sets through transactions,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets \-z MANAGED_ZONE transaction
.RE

To see change details or list of all changes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets \-z MANAGED_ZONE changes
.RE

To see the list of all record\-sets, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets \-z MANAGED_ZONE list
.RE
