
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-SCHEDULING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling \- set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR\ \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB$gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling\fR is used to configure scheduling
options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIINSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance for which to change scheduling options.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines undergo
maintenance. TERMINATE indicates that the instances should be terminated.
MIGRATE indicates that the instances should be migrated to a new host. Choosing
MIGRATE will temporarily impact the performance of instances during a migration
event.

.RE
\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR
.RS 2m
The instances will be restarted if they are terminated by Compute ' Engine. This
does not affect terminations performed by the user.'. Use
\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to set scheduling settings for. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
