
.TH "GCLOUD_IAM_LIST\-GRANTABLE\-ROLES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles \- list IAM grantable roles for a resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command displays the list of grantable roles for a resource. The resource
can be referenced either via the full resource name or via a URI. User can then
add IAM policy bindings to grant the roles.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
The full resource name to get the list of roles for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List grantable roles for a resource identified via full resource name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    //compute.googleapis.com/projects/example\-project/zones/\e
us\-central1\-f/instances/example\-instance
.RE

List grantable roles for a resource identified via URI:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/example\-project/\e
zones/us\-central1\-f/instances/example\-instance
.RE
