
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-TARGET\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools \- set target pools of managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-target\-pools\fR [\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools\fR sets the target
pools for an existing managed instance group. Instances that are part of the
managed instance group will be added to the target pool automatically.

Setting a new target pool won't apply to existing instances in the group unless
they are recreated using the recreate\-instances command. But any new instances
created in the managed instance group will be added to all of the provided
target pools for load balancing purposes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
Managed instance group name.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-target\-pools\fR [\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Compute Engine Target Pools to add the instances to. Target Pools must be
specified by name or by URL. Example: \-\-target\-pool
target\-pool\-1,target\-pool\-2.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance group manager to set target pools. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
