
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_SPARK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \- submit a Java or Scala Spark job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR \fICLUSTER\fR [\fB\-\-archives\fR\ [\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR\ \fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-class\fR\ \fIMAIN_CLASS\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR\ [\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-files\fR\ [\fIFILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-jar\fR\ \fIMAIN_JAR\fR] [\fB\-\-jars\fR\ [\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR\ [\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR] [\fIJOB_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a Java or Scala Spark job to a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fIJOB_ARGS\fR ...]
.RS 2m
The arguments to pass to the driver.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-cluster\fR \fICLUSTER\fR
.RS 2m
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-archives\fR [\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Comma separated list of archives to be provided to the job. must be one of the
following file formats: .zip, .tar, .tar.gz, or .tgz.

.RE
\fB\-\-async\fR
.RS 2m
Does not wait for the job to run.

.RE
\fB\-\-bucket\fR \fIBUCKET\fR
.RS 2m
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.RE
\fB\-\-class\fR \fIMAIN_CLASS\fR
.RS 2m
The class containing the main method of the driver. Must be in a provided jar or
jar that is already on the classpath

.RE
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR [\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A list of package to log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.RE
\fB\-\-files\fR [\fIFILE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Comma separated list of files to be provided to the job.

.RE
\fB\-\-jar\fR \fIMAIN_JAR\fR
.RS 2m
The HCFS URI of jar file containing the driver jar.

.RE
\fB\-\-jars\fR [\fIJAR\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the Executor and driver
classpaths.

.RE
\fB\-\-properties\fR [\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A list of key value pairs to configure Spark.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Spark job that runs the main class of a jar, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-jar my_jar.jar arg1 arg2
.RE

To submit a Spark job that runs a specific class of a jar, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-class org.my.main.Class \-\-jars my_jar1.jar,my_jar2.jar arg1 \e
    arg2
.RE

To submit a Spark job that runs a jar that is already on the cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-class org.apache.spark.examples.SparkPi \e
    \-\-jars file:///usr/lib/spark/lib/spark\-examples.jar 1000
.RE
