
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-MACHINE\-TYPE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type \- set machine type for Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR\ \fICUSTOM_CPU\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR\ \fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR\ \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\f5\fIgcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type\fR\fR allows you to change the
machine type of a virtual machine in the \fBTERMINATED\fR state (that is, a
virtual machine instance that has been stopped).

For example, if \f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR is a \f5\fIg1\-small\fR\fR virtual
machine currently in the \fBTERMINATED\fR state, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type example\-instance \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-b \-\-machine\-type n1\-standard\-4
.RE

will change the machine type to \f5\fIn1\-standard\-4\fR\fR, so that when you
next start \f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR, it will be provisioned as an
\f5\fIn1\-standard\-4\fR\fR instead of a \f5\fIg1\-small\fR\fR.

See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine\-types for more information on
machine types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance to change the machine type for.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR \fICUSTOM_CPU\fR
.RS 2m
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the custom machine
type. Both \-\-custom\-cpu and \-\-custom\-memory must be specified if a custom
machine type is desired, and the \-\-machine\-type flag must be omitted.

.RE
\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR \fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR
.RS 2m
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the custom machine
type. A size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MiB or 9GiB) \- if no units are
specified, GiB is assumed. Both \-\-custom\-cpu and \-\-custom\-memory must be
specified if a custom machine type is desired, and the \-\-machine\-type flag
must be omitted.

.RE
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies the machine type used for the instances. To get a list of available
machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. If unspecified, the
default type is n1\-standard\-1.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to change the machine type for. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
