
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources.



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBaddresses\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine addresses.

.RE
\fBbackend\-services\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete backend services.

.RE
\fBdisk\-types\fR
.RS 2m
Read Google Compute Engine virtual disk types.

.RE
\fBdisks\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks.

.RE
\fBfirewall\-rules\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, update, and delete Google Compute Engine firewall rules.

.RE
\fBforwarding\-rules\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate forwarding rules to send traffic to load balancers.

.RE
\fBhttp\-health\-checks\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances.

.RE
\fBhttps\-health\-checks\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced instances.

.RE
\fBimages\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.

.RE
\fBinstance\-groups\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance groups.

.RE
\fBinstance\-templates\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates.

.RE
\fBinstances\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.RE
\fBmachine\-types\fR
.RS 2m
Read Google Compute Engine virtual machine types.

.RE
\fBnetworks\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine networks.

.RE
\fBoperations\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine operations.

.RE
\fBproject\-info\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate project\-level data like quotas and metadata.

.RE
\fBregions\fR
.RS 2m
List Google Compute Engine regions.

.RE
\fBrouters\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine routers.

.RE
\fBroutes\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate routes.

.RE
\fBsnapshots\fR
.RS 2m
List, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.

.RE
\fBssl\-certificates\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine SSL certificates.

.RE
\fBtarget\-http\-proxies\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

.RE
\fBtarget\-https\-proxies\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete target HTTPS proxies.

.RE
\fBtarget\-instances\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual target instances.

.RE
\fBtarget\-pools\fR
.RS 2m
Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

.RE
\fBtarget\-vpn\-gateways\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Gateways.

.RE
\fBurl\-maps\fR
.RS 2m
List, create, and delete URL maps.

.RE
\fBvpn\-tunnels\fR
.RS 2m
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Tunnels.

.RE
\fBzones\fR
.RS 2m
List Google Compute Engine zones.


.RE

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBconfig\-ssh\fR
.RS 2m
Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

.RE
\fBcopy\-files\fR
.RS 2m
Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

.RE
\fBreset\-windows\-password\fR
.RS 2m
Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

.RE
\fBssh\fR
.RS 2m
SSH into a virtual machine instance.
.RE
