
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc clusters create \- create a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc clusters create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR\ \fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-version\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR\ \fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="10m"] [\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR\ \fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR\ \fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\-gb\fR\ \fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE_GB\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR\ \fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR\ \fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-network\fR\ \fINETWORK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-subnet\fR\ \fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR\ \fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR\ \fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR\ \fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR\ \fINUM_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR\ [\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR\ \fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-tags\fR\ \fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR\ \fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\-gb\fR\ \fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE_GB\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR\ \fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of this cluster.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-async\fR
.RS 2m
Display information about the operation in progress and don't wait for the
operation to complete.

.RE
\fB\-\-bucket\fR \fIBUCKET\fR
.RS 2m
The Google Cloud Storage bucket to use with the Google Cloud Storage connector.
A bucket is auto created when this parameter is not specified.

.RE
\fB\-\-image\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR
.RS 2m
The image version to use for the cluster. Defaults to the latest version.

.RE
\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR \fITIMEOUT\fR; default="10m"
.RS 2m
The maximum duration of each initialization action.

.RE
\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR \fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A list of Google Cloud Storage URIs of executables to run on each node in the
cluster.

.RE
\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR \fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.RE
\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\-gb\fR \fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE_GB\fR
.RS 2m
DEPRECATED, use \-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size

.RE
\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR \fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
.RS 2m
The type of machine to use for the master. Defaults to server\-specified.

.RE
\fB\-\-metadata\fR \fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances

.RE
\fB\-\-network\fR \fINETWORK\fR
.RS 2m
The Compute Engine network that the VM instances of the cluster will be part of.
This is mutually exclusive with \-\-subnet. If neither is specified, this
defaults to the "default" network.

.RE
\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR \fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
.RS 2m
The number of local SSDs to attach to the master in a cluster.

.RE
\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR \fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR
.RS 2m
The number of preemptible worker nodes in the cluster.

.RE
\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR \fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
.RS 2m
The number of local SSDs to attach to each worker in a cluster.

.RE
\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR \fINUM_WORKERS\fR
.RS 2m
The number of worker nodes in the cluster. Defaults to server\-specified.

.RE
\fB\-\-properties\fR [\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies configuration properties for installed packages, such as Hadoop and
Spark.

Properties are mapped to configuration files by specifying a prefix, such as
"core:io.serializations". The following are supported prefixes and their
mappings:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Prefix,Target Configuration File
core,core\-site.xml
hdfs,hdfs\-site.xml
mapred,mapred\-site.xml
yarn,yarn\-site.xml
hive,hive\-site.xml
pig,pig.properties
spark,spark\-defaults.conf
.TE


.RE
\fB\-\-scopes\fR \fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies scopes for the node instances. The project's default service account
is used. Multiple SCOPEs can specified, separated by commas. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes sqlservice,bigquery
.RE

The following scopes necessary for the cluster to function properly are always
added, even if not explicitly specified:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
.TE

If this flag is not specified the following default scopes are also included:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin.table
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.data
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
.TE

If you want to enable all scopes use the 'cloud\-platform' scope.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. Available aliases
are:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Alias,URI
bigquery,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud\-platform,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform
compute\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
logging\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
service\-control,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service\-management,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management
sql,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql\-admin,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage\-full,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
useraccounts\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
useraccounts\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts
userinfo\-email,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

.RE
\fB\-\-subnet\fR \fISUBNET\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies the subnet that the cluster will be part of. This is mutally exclusive
with \-\-network.

.RE
\fB\-\-tags\fR \fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the instances for identifying the instances
to which network firewall rules will apply. See \fBgcloud compute
firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.

.RE
\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR \fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.RE
\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\-gb\fR \fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE_GB\fR
.RS 2m
DEPRECATED, use \-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size

.RE
\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR \fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
.RS 2m
The type of machine to use for workers. Defaults to server\-specified.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create my_cluster
.RE
