
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_PATCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances patch \- updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances patch\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-diff\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-database\-replication\fR] [\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR] [\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR,\ \fB\-p\fR\ \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR] [\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR] [\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR,\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITIER\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-gae\-apps\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-authorized\-networks\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-backup\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-database\-flags\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR
The activation policy for this instance. This specifies when the instance should
be activated and is applicable only when the instance state is RUNNABLE.
\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR must be one of: \fBALWAYS\fR, \fBNEVER\fR,
\fBON_DEMAND\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR
The instance must be assigned an IP address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Do not wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-diff\fR
Show what changed as a result of the update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR
Enable binary log. If backup configuration is disabled, binary log should be
disabled as well.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-database\-replication\fR
Enable database replication. Applicable only for read replica instance(s).
WARNING: Instance will be restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR
The App Engine app this instance should follow. It must be in the same region as
the instance. WARNING: Instance may be restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR
The preferred Compute Engine zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a, us\-central1\-b, etc.).
WARNING: Instance may be restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR, \fB\-p\fR \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR
The pricing plan for this instance. \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR must be one of:
\fBPER_USE\fR, \fBPACKAGE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR
The type of replication this instance uses. \fIREPLICATION\fR must be one of:
\fBSYNCHRONOUS\fR, \fBASYNCHRONOUS\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR
mysqld should default to 'REQUIRE X509' for users connecting over IP.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR, \fB\-t\fR \fITIER\fR
The tier of service for this instance, for example D0, D1. WARNING: Instance
will be restarted.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]
A list of App Engine app IDs that can access this instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-gae\-apps\fR
Specified to clear the list of App Engine apps that can access this instance.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
The list of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance.
Specified in CIDR notation, also known as 'slash' notation (e.g.
192.168.100.0/24).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-authorized\-networks\fR
Clear the list of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR
The start time of daily backups, specified in the 24 hour format \- HH:MM, in
the UTC timezone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-backup\fR
Specified if daily backup should be disabled.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-database\-flags\fR
Clear the database flags set on the instance. WARNING: Instance will be
restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of database flags to set on the instance. Use an equals
sign to separate flag name and value. Flags without values, like
skip_grant_tables, can be written out without a value after, e.g.,
\f5skip_grant_tables=\fR. Use on/off for booleans. View the Instance Resource
API for allowed flags. (e.g., \f5\-\-database\-flags
max_allowed_packet=55555,skip_grant_tables=,log_output=1\fR)


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
