
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_MOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances move \- move an instance between zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances move\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-destination\-zone\fR=\fIDESTINATION_ZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances move\fR facilitates moving a Google Compute Engine
virtual machine from one zone to another. Moving a virtual machine may incur
downtime if the guest OS must be shutdown in order to quiesce disk volumes prior
to snapshotting.

For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances move example\-instance\-1 \e
   \-\-zone us\-central1\-b \-\-destination\-zone us\-central1\-f
.RE

will move the instance called example\-instance\-1, currently running in
us\-central1\-b, to us\-central1\-f.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-zone\fR=\fIDESTINATION_ZONE\fR
The zone to move the instance to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress and don't wait for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
