
.TH "GCLOUD_INIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud init \- initialize or reinitialize gcloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud init\fR [\fB\-\-console\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-skip\-diagnostics\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Initialize or reinitialize gcloud.

gcloud init launches an interactive Getting Started workflow for gcloud. It
replaces \f5gcloud auth login\fR as the recommended command to execute after you
install the Cloud SDK. gcloud init performs the following setup steps:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Authorizes gcloud and other SDK tools to access Google Cloud Platform using your
user account credentials, or lets you select from accounts whose credentials are
already available. gcloud init uses the same browser\-based authorization flow
as \f5gcloud auth login\fR.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Sets properties in a gcloud configuration, including the current project and the
default Google Compute Engine region and zone.
.RE
.sp

Most users run gcloud init to get started with gcloud. You can use subsequent
gcloud init invocations to create new gcloud configurations or to reinitialize
existing configurations. See \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR for additional
information.

Properties set by \f5gcloud init\fR are local and persistent. They are not
affected by remote changes to your project. For instance, the default Compute
Engine zone in your configuration remains stable, even if you or another user
changes the project\-level default zone in the Cloud Platform Console. You can
resync your configuration at any time by rerunning \f5gcloud init\fR.

(Available since version 0.9.79. Run $ gcloud \-\-version to see which version
you are running.)



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-console\-only\fR
Prevent the command from launching a browser for authorization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-skip\-diagnostics\fR
Do not run diagnostics.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
