
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks create \- create a Google Compute Engine network



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-mode\fR\ \fIMODE\fR] [\fB\-\-range\fR\ \fIRANGE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute networks create\fR is used to create virtual networks. A
network performs the same function that a router does in a home network: it
describes the network range and gateway IP address, handles communication
between instances, and serves as a gateway between instances and callers outside
the network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the network.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description for the network.

.RE
\fB\-\-mode\fR \fIMODE\fR
.RS 2m
Mode may be auto, custom, or legacy. It is recommended that you select "auto"
where subnets are created for you automatically. Custom can be used to create
subnets manually. Legacy will create an old style network that has a range and
cannot have subnets.

.RE
\fB\-\-range\fR \fIRANGE\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies the IPv4 address range of legacy mode networks. The range must be
specified in CIDR format:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter\-Domain_Routing

This flag only works if mode is legacy.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
