
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services create \- create a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR] [\fB\-\-http\-health\-checks\fR\ \fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-https\-health\-checks\fR\ \fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-port\fR\ \fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR\ \fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-protocol\fR\ \fIPROTOCOL\fR;\ default="HTTP"] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR\ \fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="30s"] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services create\fR is used to create backend
services. Backend services define groups of backends that can receive traffic.
Each backend group has parameters that define the group's capacity (e.g., max
CPU utilization, max queries per second, ...). URL maps define which requests
are sent to which backend services.

Backend services created through this command will start out without any backend
groups. To add backend groups, use 'gcloud compute backend\-services
add\-backend' or 'gcloud compute backend\-services edit'.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the backend service.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description for the backend service.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR
.RS 2m
Enable Cloud CDN for the backend service. Cloud CDN can cache HTTP responses
from a backend service at the edge of the network, close to users. Cloud CDN is
disabled by default.

.RE
\fB\-\-http\-health\-checks\fR \fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies a list of HTTP health check objects for checking the health of the
backend service.

.RE
\fB\-\-https\-health\-checks\fR \fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies a list of HTTPS health check objects for checking the health of the
backend service.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\fR \fIPORT\fR
.RS 2m
The TCP port to use when connecting to the backend. \-\-port is being deprecated
in favor of \-\-port\-name.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR \fIPORT_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of a service that has been added to an instance group in this backend.
Instance group services map a name to a port number which is used by the load
balancing service. Only one \f5\fIport\-name\fR\fR may be added to a backend
service, and that name must exist as a service on all instance groups that are a
part of this backend service. The port number associated with the name may
differ between instances. If you do not specify this flag, your instance groups
must have a service named \f5\fIhttp\fR\fR configured. See also \f5gcloud
compute instance\-groups set\-named\-ports \-\-help\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-protocol\fR \fIPROTOCOL\fR; default="HTTP"
.RS 2m
The protocol for incoming requests.

.RE
\fB\-\-timeout\fR \fITIMEOUT\fR; default="30s"
.RS 2m
The amount of time to wait for a backend to respond to a request before
considering the request failed. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will
give backends 10 seconds to respond to requests. Valid units for this flag are
``s'' for seconds, ``m'' for minutes, and ``h'' for hours.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
