
.TH "GCLOUD_AUTH_ACTIVATE\-SERVICE\-ACCOUNT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud auth activate\-service\-account \- authorize access to Google Cloud Platform using a service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud auth activate\-service\-account\fR [\fIACCOUNT\fR] \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-password\-file\fR=\fIPASSWORD_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Obtains access credentials for the service account using a .json (preferred) or
.p12 file that contains a private authorization key. You obtain the key file
from the Cloud Platform console (https://console.cloud.google.com). For .p12
files, a password is required. This password is displayed in the console when
you create the key. If you specify a project using the \f5\-\-project\fR flag,
the project is set in your active configuration.

Any previously active credentials will still be retained, they will just no
longer be the active credentials.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIACCOUNT\fR]
E\-mail address of the service account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
Path to the private key file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\-file\fR=\fIPASSWORD_FILE\fR
Path to a file containing the password for the service account private key (only
for a .p12 file).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR
Prompt for the password for the service account private key (only for a .p12
file).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
