
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED_GET\-NAMED\-PORTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged get\-named\-ports \- lists the named ports for an instance group resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged get\-named\-ports\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR\ \fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR\ [\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR\ \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fIFIELDS\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Named ports are key:value pairs metadata representing the service name and the
port that it's running on. Named ports can be assigned to an instance group,
which indicates that the service is available on all instances in the group.
This information is used by the HTTP Load Balancing service.

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged get\-named\-ports\fR lists the
named ports (name and port tuples) for an instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance group.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance or instance group to get named ports for. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR \fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-flatten\fR [\fIKEY\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Flatten \fIname\fR[] resource slices in \fIKEY\fR to separate records for each
item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This also
flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def[]\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fIFIELDS\fR
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

For example, to list named ports for an instance group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged get\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

The above example lists named ports assigned to an instance group named
\'example\-instance\-group' in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.
