
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_ADD\-HOST\-RULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule \- add a rule to a URL map to map hosts to a path matcher



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-hosts\fR=\fIHOST\fR,[\fIHOST\fR,...] \fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule\fR is used to add a mapping of hosts
to a patch matcher in a URL map. The mapping will match the host component of
HTTP requests to path matchers which in turn map the request to a backend
service. Before adding a host rule, at least one path matcher must exist in the
URL map to take care of the path component of the requests. \f5gcloud compute
url\-maps add\-path\-matcher\fR or \f5gcloud compute url\-maps edit\fR can be
used to add path matchers.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the URL map.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-hosts\fR=\fIHOST\fR,[\fIHOST\fR,...]
The set of hosts to match requests against. Each host must be a fully qualified
domain name (FQDN) with the exception that the host can begin with a ``*'' or
``*\-''. ``*'' acts as a glob and will match any string of atoms to the left
where an atom is separated by dots (``.'') or dashes (``\-'').

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR
The name of the patch matcher to use if a request matches this host rule. The
patch matcher must already exist in the URL map (see \f5gcloud compute url\-maps
add\-path\-matcher\fR).


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the host rule.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a host rule mapping the \f5*\-foo.google.com\fR and \f5google.com\fR
hosts to the \f5www\fR path matcher, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule MY\-URL\-MAP \e
    \-\-hosts '*\-foo.google.com,google.com' \-\-path\-matcher\-name www
.RE
