
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_FILTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic filters \- resource filters supplementary help



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Most \fBgcloud\fR commands return a list of resources on success. By default
they are pretty\-printed on the standard output. The
\fB\-\-format=\fR\fINAME\fR[\fIATTRIBUTES\fR]\fB(\fR\fIPROJECTION\fR\fB)\fR flag
changes the default output:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The format name.
.TP 2m
\fIATTRIBUTES\fR
Format specific attributes. For details run $ gcloud topic formats.
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECTION\fR
A list of resource keys that selects the data listed. For details run $ gcloud
topic projections.
.TP 2m
\fIresource keys\fR
Keys are names for resource resource items. For details run $ gcloud topic
resource\-keys. Most \fBgcloud\fR \fBlist\fR commands have a
\fB\-\-filter=\fR\fIEXPRESSION\fR flag that selects resources to be listed.
Resource filters are described in detail below.


.RE
.sp

.SH "Filter Expressions"

A filter expression is a Boolean function that selects resources from a list.
Expressions are composed of terms connected by logic operators.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBLogicOperator\fR
Expressions containing both \fBAND\fR and \fBOR\fR must be parenthesized to
disambiguate precedence.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNOT\fR \fIterm\-1\fR
True if \fIterm\-1\fR is False, otherwise False.

.TP 2m
\fIterm\-1\fR \fBAND\fR \fIterm\-2\fR
True if both \fIterm\-1\fR and \fIterm\-2\fR are true.

.TP 2m
\fIterm\-1\fR \fBOR\fR \fIterm\-2\fR
True if at least one of \fIterm\-1\fR or \fIterm\-2\fR is true.

.TP 2m
\fIterm\-1\fR \fIterm\-2\fR
True if both \fIterm\-1\fR and \fIterm\-2\fR are true. Implicit conjunction has
lower precedence than \fBOR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBTerms\fR
A term is a \fIkey\fR \fIoperator\fR \fIvalue\fR tuple, where \fIkey\fR is a
dotted name that evaluates to the value of a resource attribute, and \fIvalue\fR
may be:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnumber\fR
integer or floating point numeric constant
.TP 2m
\fBunquoted literal\fR
character sequence terminated by space, ( or )
.TP 2m
\fBquoted literal\fR
\fI"..."\fR or \fI'...'\fR Most filter expressions need to be quoted in shell
commands. If you use \fI'...'\fR shell quotes then use \fI"..."\fR filter string
literal quotes and vice versa.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBOperator Terms\fR
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is equal to \fIvalue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB=(\fR \fIvalue\fR ... \fB)\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is equal to any \fIvalue\fR in the (space, tab, newline,
\fB,\fR) separated list.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB!=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is not \fIvalue\fR. Equivalent to \-\fIkey\fR=\fIvalue\fR and
NOT \fIkey\fR=\fIvalue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB<\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is less than \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and \fIvalue\fR
are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic string
comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB<=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is less than or equal to \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and
\fIvalue\fR are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic
string comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB>=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is greater than or equal to \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and
\fIvalue\fR are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic
string comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB>\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is greater than \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and \fIvalue\fR
are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic string
comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB:\fR \fIsimple\-pattern\fR
True if \fIkey\fR matches \fIsimple\-pattern\fR. The match is anchored (all
characters must match), case insensitive, and allows one \f5*\fR operator that
matches any sequence of 0 or more characters. The pattern \f5abc\fR matches
\f5abc\fR, the pattern \f5abc*\fR matches \f5abc\fR and \f5abcxyz\fR, the
pattern \f5*xyz\fR matches \f5xyz\fR and \f5abcxyz\fR, and the pattern \f5*\fR
matches any non\-empty string. Use \fIkey\fR\f5:*\fR to test if \fIkey\fR is
defined and \f5\-\fR\fIkey\fR\f5:*\fR to test if \fIkey\fR is undefined.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB:(\fR \fIsimple\-pattern\fR ... \fB)\fR
True if \fIkey\fR matches any \fIsimple\-pattern\fR in the (space, tab, newline,
comma) separated list.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB~\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR matches the RE (regular expression) pattern \fIvalue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB!\fR~ \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR does not match the RE (regular expression) pattern
\fIvalue\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all instances resources:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list
.RE

List instances resources that have machineType \fBf1\-micro\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='machineType:f1\-micro'
.RE

List resources with zone prefix \fBus\fR and not MachineType \fBf1\-micro\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-filter='zone ~ ^us AND \-machineType:f1\-micro'
.RE
