
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FIREWALL\-RULES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute firewall\-rules update \- update a firewall rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute firewall\-rules update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-allow\fR=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute firewall\-rules update\fR is used to update firewall rules
that allow incoming traffic to a network. Only arguments passed in will be
updated on the firewall rule. Other attributes will remain unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the firewall rule to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\fR=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...]
A list of protocols and ports whose traffic will be allowed.

PROTOCOL is the IP protocol whose traffic will be allowed. PROTOCOL can be
either the name of a well\-known protocol (e.g., tcp or icmp) or the IP protocol
number. A list of IP protocols can be found at
http://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol\-numbers/protocol\-numbers.xhtml.

A port or port range can be specified after PROTOCOL to allow traffic through
specific ports. If no port or port range is specified, connections through all
ranges are allowed. For example, the following will create a rule that allows
TCP traffic through port 80 and allows ICMP traffic:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-allow tcp:80,icmp
.RE

TCP and UDP rules must include a port or port range.

Setting this will override the current values.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the firewall rule. Set to an empty string to clear
existing.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
A list of IP address blocks that are allowed to make inbound connections that
match the firewall rule to the instances on the network. The IP address blocks
must be specified in CIDR format:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter\-Domain_Routing.

Setting this will override the existing source ranges for the firewall. The
following will clear the existing source ranges:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-source\-ranges
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating the set of instances on the network which may
make network connections that match the firewall rule. If omitted, all instances
on the network can make connections that match the rule.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.

Setting this will override the existing source tags for the firewall. The
following will clear the existing source tags:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-source\-tags
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating the set of instances on the network which may
accept inbound connections that match the firewall rule. If omitted, all
instances on the network can receive inbound connections that match the rule.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.

Setting this will override the existing target tags for the firewall. The
following will clear the existing target tags:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-target\-tags
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
