
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_CLONE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances clone \- clones a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances clone\fR \fISOURCE\fR \fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR\ \fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR\ \fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a clone of the Cloud SQL instance. The source and the destination
instances must be in the same project. The clone once created will be an
independent Cloud SQL instance.

The binary log coordinates, if specified, act as the point up to which the
source instance is cloned. If not specified, the source instance is cloned up to
the most recent binary log coordintes at the time the command is executed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fISOURCE\fR
.RS 2m
Cloud SQL instance ID of the source.

.RE
\fIDESTINATION\fR
.RS 2m
Cloud SQL instance ID of the clone.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-async\fR
.RS 2m
Display information about the operation in progress and don't wait for the
operation to complete.

.RE
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR \fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
Represents the position (offset) inside the binary log file created by the
source instance if it has binary logs enabled. If specified, is the point up to
which the source instance is cloned. It must be specified along with
\-\-bin\-log\-file to form a valid binary log coordinates. e.g., 123 (a numeric
value)

.RE
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR \fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR
.RS 2m
Represents the name of the binary log file created by the source instance if it
has binary logs enabled. If specified, is the point up to which the source
instance is cloned. It must be specified along with \-\-bin\-log\-position to
form a valid binary log coordinates. e.g., mysql\-bin.000001


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

$gcloud sql instances clone myproject:instance\-foo myproject:instance\-bar OR.RS 2m
$gcloud sql instances clone myproject:instance\-foo myproject:instance\-bar
      \-\-bin\-log\-file\-name mysql\-bin.000020 \-\-bin\-log\-position 170

.RE
