
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances create \- creates a new Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-backup\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR;\ default="MYSQL_5_6"] [\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR] [\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR] [\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-instance\-name\fR=\fIMASTER_INSTANCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR,\ \fB\-p\fR\ \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR;\ default="PER_USE"] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR;\ default="us\-central"] [\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR] [\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR,\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITIER\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR
The activation policy for this instance. This specifies when the instance should
be activated and is applicable only when the instance state is RUNNABLE. More
information on activation policies can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/faq#activation_policy. \fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR must
be one of: \fBALWAYS\fR, \fBNEVER\fR, \fBON_DEMAND\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR
Specified if the instance must be assigned an IP address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress and don't wait for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]
List of App Engine app IDs that can access this instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
The list of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance.
Specified in CIDR notation, also known as 'slash' notation (e.g.
192.168.100.0/24).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\fR
Enables daily backup. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-backup\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR
The start time of daily backups, specified in the 24 hour format \- HH:MM, in
the UTC timezone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of database flags to set on the instance. Use an equals
sign to separate flag name and value. Flags without values, like
skip_grant_tables, can be written out without a value after, e.g.,
\f5skip_grant_tables=\fR. Use on/off for booleans. View the Instance Resource
API for allowed flags. (e.g., \f5\-\-database\-flags
max_allowed_packet=55555,skip_grant_tables=,log_output=1\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR; default="MYSQL_5_6"
The database engine type and version. Can be MYSQL_5_5, MYSQL_5_6, or MYSQL_5_7.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR
Specified if binary log should be enabled. If backup configuration is disabled,
binary log must be disabled as well.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR
The App Engine app this instance should follow. It must be in the same region as
the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR
The preferred Compute Engine zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a, us\-central1\-b, etc.).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-instance\-name\fR=\fIMASTER_INSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance which will act as master in the replication setup. The
newly created instance will be a read replica of the specified master instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR, \fB\-p\fR \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR; default="PER_USE"
The pricing plan for this instance. \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR must be one of:
\fBPER_USE\fR, \fBPACKAGE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR; default="us\-central"
The regional location (e.g. asia\-east1, us\-east1). See the full list of
regions at https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/instance\-locations.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR
The type of replication this instance uses. \fIREPLICATION\fR must be one of:
\fBSYNCHRONOUS\fR, \fBASYNCHRONOUS\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR
Specified if users connecting over IP must use SSL.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR, \fB\-t\fR \fITIER\fR
The tier for first generation Cloud SQL instances, for example D0, D1, D2. A
complete list of tiers is available here:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/pricing#packages


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
