
.TH "GCLOUD_ML\-ENGINE_VERSIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml\-engine versions create \- create a new Cloud ML Engine version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml\-engine versions create\fR \fIVERSION\fR \fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR \fB\-\-origin\fR=\fIORIGIN\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-runtime\-version\fR=\fIRUNTIME_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-staging\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGING_BUCKET\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new Cloud ML Engine version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the model version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-origin\fR=\fIORIGIN\fR
Location of \f5model/\fR "directory" (as output by
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r0.12/api_docs/python/state_ops.html#Saver).

Can be a Google Cloud Storage (\f5gs://\fR) path or local file path (no prefix).
In the latter case the files will be uploaded to Google Cloud Storage and a
\f5\-\-staging\-bucket\fR argument is required.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress and don't wait for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-runtime\-version\fR=\fIRUNTIME_VERSION\fR
The Google Cloud ML Engine runtime version for this job. Defaults to the latest
stable version. See
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/runtime\-version\-list for a list of
accepted versions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-staging\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGING_BUCKET\fR
Bucket in which to stage training archives.

Required only if a file upload is necessary (that is, other flags include local
paths) and no other flags implicitly specify an upload path.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
