
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-instances create \- create a target instance for handling traffic from a forwarding rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-instances create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-instances create\fR is used to create a target
instance for handling traffic from one or more forwarding rules. Target
instances are ideal for traffic that should be managed by a single source. For
more information on target instances, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/protocol\-forwarding/#targetinstances



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the target instance.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-instance\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the virtual machine instance that will handle the traffic.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description of the target instance.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to to create the target instance in. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
