
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTPS\-PROXIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-https\-proxies update \- update a target HTTPS proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-https\-proxies update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-ssl\-certificate\fR\ \fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-url\-map\fR\ \fIURL_MAP\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-https\-proxies update\fR is used to change the SSL
certificate and/or URL map of existing target HTTPS proxies. A target HTTPS
proxy is referenced by one or more forwarding rules which define which packets
the proxy is responsible for routing. The target HTTPS proxy in turn points to a
URL map that defines the rules for routing the requests. The URL map's job is to
map URLs to backend services which handle the actual requests. The target HTTPS
proxy also points to an SSL certificate used for server\-side authentication.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the target HTTPS proxy.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-ssl\-certificate\fR \fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR
.RS 2m
A reference to an SSL certificate resource that is used for server\-side
authentication. The SSL certificate must exist and cannot be deleted while
referenced by a target HTTPS proxy.

.RE
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR
.RS 2m
A reference to a URL map resource that defines the mapping of URLs to backend
services. The URL map must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target HTTPS proxy.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
