
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_IMAGES_DEPRECATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute images deprecate \- manage deprecation status of Google Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute images deprecate\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-state\fR \fISTATE\fR [\fB\-\-delete\-in\fR\ \fIDELETE_IN\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-delete\-on\fR\ \fIDELETE_ON\fR] [\fB\-\-obsolete\-in\fR\ \fIOBSOLETE_IN\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-obsolete\-on\fR\ \fIOBSOLETE_ON\fR] [\fB\-\-replacement\fR\ \fIREPLACEMENT\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute images deprecate\fR is used to deprecate images.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the disk image.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-state\fR \fISTATE\fR
.RS 2m
The deprecation state to set on the image. An image's default state is
\f5\fIACTIVE\fR\fR, suggesting that the image is currently supported. Operations
which create a new resource using a \f5\fIDEPRECATED\fR\fR image return
successfully, but with a warning indicating that the image is deprecated and
recommending its replacement. New uses of \f5\fIOBSOLETE\fR\fR or
\f5\fIDELETED\fR\fR images result in an error. Note that setting the deprecation
state to \f5\fIDELETED\fR\fR will not automatically delete the image. You must
still make a request to delete the image to remove it from the image list.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-delete\-in\fR \fIDELETE_IN\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies the amount of time until the image's status should be set to DELETED.
For instance, specifying \f5\fI30d\fR\fR will set the status to DELETED in 30
days from the current system time. Valid units for this flag are ``s'' for
seconds, ``m'' for minutes, ``h'' for hours and ``d'' for days. If no unit is
specified, seconds is assumed.

Note that the image will not be deleted automatically. The image will only be
marked as deleted. An explicit request to delete the image must be made in order
to remove it from the image list. This flag is mutually exclusive with
\-\-delete\-on.

.RE
\fB\-\-delete\-on\fR \fIDELETE_ON\fR
.RS 2m
Similar to \-\-delete\-in, but specifies an absolute time when the status should
be set to DELETED. The date and time specified must be a valid RFC 3339
full\-date or date\-time. For times in UTC, this looks like
\f5\fIYYYY\-MM\-DDTHH:MM:SSZ\fR\fR. For example: 2020\-01\-02T00:00:00Z for
midnight on January 2, 2020 in UTC. This flag is mutually exclusive with
\-\-delete\-in.

.RE
\fB\-\-obsolete\-in\fR \fIOBSOLETE_IN\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies time (in the same format as \-\-delete\-in) until this image's status
should become OBSOLETE. Obsolete images will cause an error whenever an attempt
is made to apply the image to a new disk. This flag is mutually exclusive with
\-\-obsolete\-on.

.RE
\fB\-\-obsolete\-on\fR \fIOBSOLETE_ON\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies time (in the same format as \-\-delete\-on) when this image's status
should become OBSOLETE. This flag is mutually exclusive with \-\-obsolete\-in.

.RE
\fB\-\-replacement\fR \fIREPLACEMENT\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies a Compute Engine image as a replacement for the image being phased
out. Users of the deprecated image will be advised to switch to this
replacement. For example, \f5\fI\-\-replacement example\-image\fR\fR or
\f5\fI\-\-replacement projects/google/global/images/example\-image\fR\fR. This
flag is required when setting the image state to anything other than
\f5\fIACTIVE\fR\fR or when \-\-delete\-in, \-\-delete\-on, \-\-obsolete\-in, or
\-\-obsolete\-on is provided.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deprecate an image called 'IMAGE' immediately, mark it as obsolete in one
day, and mark it as deleted in two days, use:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images deprecate IMAGE \-\-state DEPRECATED \e
    \-\-obsolete\-in 1d \-\-delete\-in 2d
.RE

To un\-deprecate an image called 'IMAGE', use:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images deprecate IMAGE \-\-state ACTIVE
.RE
