
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create \- create a Compute Engine managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed create\fR creates a Google Compute
Engine managed instance group.

For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create \e
example\-managed\-instance\-group \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
\-\-template example\-instance\-template \-\-size 1
.RE

will create one managed instance group called
\'example\-managed\-instance\-group' in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the managed instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
The initial number of instances you want in this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Specifies the instance template to use when creating new instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR
The base name to use for the Compute Engine instances that will be created with
the managed instance group. If not provided base instance name will be the
prefix of instance group name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description for this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]
Specifies any target pools you want the instances of this managed instance group
to be part of.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you will
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
