
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-AUTOSCALING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling \- set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-max\-num\-replicas\fR \fIMAX_NUM_REPLICAS\fR [\fB\-\-cool\-down\-period\fR\ \fICOOL_DOWN_PERIOD\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR\ [\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-num\-replicas\fR\ \fIMIN_NUM_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-cpu\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-load\-balancing\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-cpu\-utilization\fR\ \fITARGET_CPU_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-load\-balancing\-utilization\fR\ \fITARGET_LOAD_BALANCING_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling\fR sets autoscaling
parameters of specified managed instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
Managed instance group which autoscaling parameters will be set.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-max\-num\-replicas\fR \fIMAX_NUM_REPLICAS\fR
.RS 2m
Maximum number of replicas Autoscaler will set.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-cool\-down\-period\fR \fICOOL_DOWN_PERIOD\fR
.RS 2m
Number of seconds Autoscaler will wait between resizing collection.

.RE
\fB\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR [\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Adds a target metric value for the to the Autoscaler.

\fBmetric\fR
.RS 2m
Protocol\-free URL of a Google Cloud Monitoring metric.

.RE
\fButilization\-target\fR
.RS 2m
Value of the metric Autoscaler will aim to maintain (greater than 0.0).

.RE
\fButilization\-target\-type\fR
.RS 2m
How target is expressed. Valid values: DELTA_PER_MINUTE, DELTA_PER_SECOND,
GAUGE.
.RE
.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
Notes about Autoscaler.

.RE
\fB\-\-min\-num\-replicas\fR \fIMIN_NUM_REPLICAS\fR
.RS 2m
Minimum number of replicas Autoscaler will set.

.RE
\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-cpu\fR
.RS 2m
Use autoscaling based on cpu utilization.

.RE
\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-load\-balancing\fR
.RS 2m
Use autoscaling based on load balancing utilization.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-cpu\-utilization\fR \fITARGET_CPU_UTILIZATION\fR
.RS 2m
CPU utilization level Autoscaler will aim to maintain (0.0 to 1.0).

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-load\-balancing\-utilization\fR \fITARGET_LOAD_BALANCING_UTILIZATION\fR
.RS 2m
Load balancing utilization level Autoscaler will aim to maintain (greater than
0.0).

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the resources to update. If not specified, you will be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
