
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container clusters update \- update cluster settings for an existing container cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container clusters update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR\ \fIMAX_NODES\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR\ \fIMIN_NODES\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-autoscaling\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-monitoring\-service\fR\ \fIMONITORING_SERVICE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-addons\fR\ [\fIADDON\fR=\fIENABLED\fR|\fIDISABLED\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR\ \fINODE_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-wait\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update cluster settings for an existing container cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the cluster to update.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-async\fR
.RS 2m
Don't wait for the operation to complete. Use \fB\-\-no\-async\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-autoscaling\fR
.RS 2m
Enables autoscaling for the node pool.

.RE
\fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR \fIMAX_NODES\fR
.RS 2m
Maximum number of nodes in the node pool.

.RE
\fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR \fIMIN_NODES\fR
.RS 2m
Minimum number of nodes in the node pool.

.RE
\fB\-\-monitoring\-service\fR \fIMONITORING_SERVICE\fR
.RS 2m
The monitoring service to use for the cluster. Options are:
"monitoring.googleapis.com" (the Google Cloud Monitoring service), "none" (no
metrics will be exported from the cluster)

.RE
\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR \fINODE_POOL\fR
.RS 2m
Node pool to be updated.

.RE
\fB\-\-update\-addons\fR [\fIADDON\fR=\fIENABLED\fR|\fIDISABLED\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Cluster addons to enable or disable. Options are
HorizontalPodAutoscaling=ENABLED|DISABLED HttpLoadBalancing=ENABLED|DISABLED

.RE
\fB\-\-wait\fR
.RS 2m
Poll the operation for completion after issuing a create request. Use
\fB\-\-no\-wait\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
