
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app run \- \fB(BETA)\fR (DEPRECATED) Run one or more modules in the local development application server



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app run\fR \fIRUNNABLES\fR [\fIRUNNABLES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-admin\-host\fR\ \fIADMIN_HOST\fR] [\fB\-\-allow\-skipped\-files\fR] [\fB\-\-api\-host\fR\ \fIAPI_HOST\fR] [\fB\-\-appidentity\-email\-address\fR\ \fIAPPIDENTITY_EMAIL_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-appidentity\-private\-key\-path\fR\ \fIAPPIDENTITY_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-auth\-domain\fR\ \fIAUTH_DOMAIN\fR;\ default="gmail.com"] [\fB\-\-blobstore\-path\fR\ \fIBLOBSTORE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-datastore\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-entrypoint\fR\ \fICUSTOM_ENTRYPOINT\fR] [\fB\-\-datastore\-consistency\-policy\fR\ \fIDATASTORE_CONSISTENCY_POLICY\fR;\ default="time"] [\fB\-\-datastore\-path\fR\ \fIDATASTORE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-default\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR\ \fIDEFAULT_GCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-mvm\-logs\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-sendmail\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR\ \fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-jvm\-flag\fR\ \fIJVM_FLAG\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-level\fR\ \fILOG_LEVEL\fR] [\fB\-\-logs\-path\fR\ \fILOGS_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-module\-instances\fR\ \fIMAX_MODULE_INSTANCES\fR] [\fB\-\-php\-executable\-path\fR\ \fIPHP_EXECUTABLE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-python\-startup\-script\fR\ \fIPYTHON_STARTUP_SCRIPT\fR] [\fB\-\-require\-indexes\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-mail\-body\fR] [\fB\-\-smtp\-allow\-tls\fR] [\fB\-\-smtp\-host\fR\ \fISMTP_HOST\fR] [\fB\-\-smtp\-password\fR\ \fISMTP_PASSWORD\fR] [\fB\-\-smtp\-user\fR\ \fISMTP_USER\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-path\fR\ \fISTORAGE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-use\-mtime\-file\-watcher\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This comamand is deprecated, and will soon be removed. Please use
\f5dev_appserver.py\fR (in the same directory as the \f5gcloud\fR command)
instead.

This command is used to run one or more of your modules in the local development
application server. This allows you to test and debug your app before deploying.
As an input it takes one or more \f5\fIRUNNABLES\fR\fR that should be run
locally. A \f5\fIRUNNABLE\fR\fR can be a module's .yaml file, or a directory. If
given a directory, all modules found will be run. You can run multiple modules
at the same time, even if they are implemented in different languages.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIRUNNABLES\fR [\fIRUNNABLES\fR ...]
.RS 2m
The yaml files for the modules you want to run. This also accepts any yaml
configuration files needed to run your modules.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-admin\-host\fR \fIADMIN_HOST\fR
.RS 2m
The host and port on which to start the admin server (in the format host:port)

.RE
\fB\-\-allow\-skipped\-files\fR
.RS 2m
Make files specified in the app.yaml "skip_files" or "static" clauses readable
by the application.

.RE
\fB\-\-api\-host\fR \fIAPI_HOST\fR
.RS 2m
The host and port on which to start the API server (in the format host:port)

.RE
\fB\-\-appidentity\-email\-address\fR \fIAPPIDENTITY_EMAIL_ADDRESS\fR
.RS 2m
Email address associated with a service account that has a downloadable key. May
be None for no local application identity.

.RE
\fB\-\-appidentity\-private\-key\-path\fR \fIAPPIDENTITY_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH\fR
.RS 2m
Path to private key file associated with service account (.pem format). Must be
set if appidentity\-email\-address is set.

.RE
\fB\-\-auth\-domain\fR \fIAUTH_DOMAIN\fR; default="gmail.com"
.RS 2m
Name of the authorization domain to use

.RE
\fB\-\-blobstore\-path\fR \fIBLOBSTORE_PATH\fR
.RS 2m
Path to directory used to store blob contents (defaults to a subdirectory of
\-\-storage\-path if not set)

.RE
\fB\-\-clear\-datastore\fR
.RS 2m
Clear the datastore on startup

.RE
\fB\-\-custom\-entrypoint\fR \fICUSTOM_ENTRYPOINT\fR
.RS 2m
Specify an entrypoint for custom runtime modules. This is required when such
modules are present. Include "{port}" in the string (without quotes) to pass the
port number in as an argument. For instance: \-\-custom_entrypoint="gunicorn \-b
localhost:{port} mymodule:application"

.RE
\fB\-\-datastore\-consistency\-policy\fR \fIDATASTORE_CONSISTENCY_POLICY\fR; default="time"
.RS 2m
The policy to apply when deciding whether a datastore write should appear in
global queries

.RE
\fB\-\-datastore\-path\fR \fIDATASTORE_PATH\fR
.RS 2m
Path to a file used to store datastore contents (defaults to a file in
\-\-storage\-path if not set)

.RE
\fB\-\-default\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR \fIDEFAULT_GCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
Default Google Cloud Storage bucket name

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-mvm\-logs\fR
.RS 2m
Enable logs collection and display in local Admin Console for Managed VM
modules.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-sendmail\fR
.RS 2m
Use the "sendmail" tool to transmit e\-mail sent using the Mail API (ignored if
\-\-smtp\-host is set)

.RE
\fB\-\-host\fR \fIHOST\fR
.RS 2m
The host and port on which to start the local web server (in the format
host:port)

.RE
\fB\-\-jvm\-flag\fR \fIJVM_FLAG\fR
.RS 2m
Additional arguments to pass to the java command when launching an instance of
the app. May be specified more than once. Example: \-\-jvm\-flag=\-Xmx1024m
\-\-jvm\-flag=\-Xms256m

.RE
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR \fILOG_LEVEL\fR
.RS 2m
The minimum verbosity of logs from your app that will be displayed in the
terminal. (debug, info, warning, critical, error) Defaults to current verbosity
setting.

.RE
\fB\-\-logs\-path\fR \fILOGS_PATH\fR
.RS 2m
Path to a file used to store request logs (defaults to a file in
\-\-storage\-path if not set)

.RE
\fB\-\-max\-module\-instances\fR \fIMAX_MODULE_INSTANCES\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of runtime instances that can be started for a particular
module \- the value can be an integer, in which case all modules are limited to
that number of instances, or a comma\-separated list of module:max_instances,
e.g. default:5,backend:3

.RE
\fB\-\-php\-executable\-path\fR \fIPHP_EXECUTABLE_PATH\fR
.RS 2m
The full path to the PHP executable to use to run your PHP module.

.RE
\fB\-\-python\-startup\-script\fR \fIPYTHON_STARTUP_SCRIPT\fR
.RS 2m
The script to run at the startup of new Python runtime instances (useful for
tools such as debuggers)

.RE
\fB\-\-require\-indexes\fR
.RS 2m
Generate an error on datastore queries that require a composite index not found
in index.yaml

.RE
\fB\-\-show\-mail\-body\fR
.RS 2m
Logs the contents of e\-mails sent using the Mail API

.RE
\fB\-\-smtp\-allow\-tls\fR
.RS 2m
Allow TLS to be used when the SMTP server announces TLS support (ignored if
\-\-smtp\-host is not set)

.RE
\fB\-\-smtp\-host\fR \fISMTP_HOST\fR
.RS 2m
The host and port of an SMTP server to use to transmit e\-mail sent using the
Mail API, in the format host:port

.RE
\fB\-\-smtp\-password\fR \fISMTP_PASSWORD\fR
.RS 2m
Password to use when connecting to the SMTP server specified with \-\-smtp\-host

.RE
\fB\-\-smtp\-user\fR \fISMTP_USER\fR
.RS 2m
Username to use when connecting to the SMTP server specified with \-\-smtp\-host

.RE
\fB\-\-storage\-path\fR \fISTORAGE_PATH\fR
.RS 2m
The default location for storing application data. Can be overridden for
specific kinds of data using \-\-datastore\-path, \-\-blobstore\-path, and/or
\-\-logs\-path

.RE
\fB\-\-use\-mtime\-file\-watcher\fR
.RS 2m
Use mtime polling for detecting source code changes \- useful if modifying code
from a remote machine using a distributed file system


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To run a single module, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app run ~/my_app/app.yaml
.RE

To run multiple modules, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app run ~/my_app/app.yaml \e
    ~/my_app/another_module.yaml
.RE

OR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app run ~/my_app/
.RE

To run a Java module, please use Maven and the gcloud\-maven\-plugin:
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/java/managed\-vms/maven



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

