
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine managed instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBabandon\-instances\fR
.RS 2m
Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

.RE
\fBcreate\fR
.RS 2m
Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

.RE
\fBdelete\fR
.RS 2m
Delete Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.RE
\fBdelete\-instances\fR
.RS 2m
Delete instances managed by managed instance group.

.RE
\fBdescribe\fR
.RS 2m
Describe a managed instance group.

.RE
\fBget\-named\-ports\fR
.RS 2m
Lists the named ports for a managed instance group.

.RE
\fBlist\fR
.RS 2m
List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.RE
\fBlist\-instances\fR
.RS 2m
List instances present in the managed instance group.

.RE
\fBrecreate\-instances\fR
.RS 2m
Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

.RE
\fBresize\fR
.RS 2m
Set managed instance group size.

.RE
\fBset\-autoscaling\fR
.RS 2m
Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

.RE
\fBset\-instance\-template\fR
.RS 2m
Set instance template for managed instance group.

.RE
\fBset\-named\-ports\fR
.RS 2m
Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

.RE
\fBset\-target\-pools\fR
.RS 2m
Set target pools of managed instance group.

.RE
\fBstop\-autoscaling\fR
.RS 2m
Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

.RE
\fBwait\-until\-stable\fR
.RS 2m
Waits until state of managed instance group is stable.
.RE
