
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_CREATE_SSL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute health\-checks create ssl \- create a SSL health check to monitor load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute health\-checks create ssl\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default="2"] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default="80"] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default="2"] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute health\-checks create ssl\fR is used to create a SSL health
check. SSL health checks monitor instances in a load balancer controlled by a
target pool. All arguments to the command are optional except for the name of
the health check. For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the SSL health check.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR; default="5s"
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. Valid units for this flag
are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes. The default value is
\f5\fI5s\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the SSL health check.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default="2"
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy. The default is 2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default="80"
The TCP port number that this health check monitors. The default value is 80.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR
Application data to send once the TCP connection has been established. By
default, this is empty. If both request and response are empty, the connection
establishment alone will indicate health of the TCP connection.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
The bytes to match against the beginning of the response data. By default, this
is empty. If empty, any response will indicate health of the TCP connection.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="5s"
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. Valid
units for this flag are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes. The default
value is \f5\fI5s\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default="2"
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy. The default is 2.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
