
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP_MODULES_SET\-MANAGED\-BY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app modules set\-managed\-by \- \fB(BETA)\fR sets the policy for the Managed VMs of the given modules and version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app modules set\-managed\-by\fR \fIMODULES\fR [\fIMODULES\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-google\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-self\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\fR\ \fIINSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-server\fR\ \fISERVER\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command sets the policy for the Managed VMs of the given
modules and version. When your module uses VM runtimes, you can use this command
to change the management mode for a set of your VMs. If you switch to
self\-managed, SSH will be enabled on the VMs, and they will be removed from the
health checking pools, but will still receive requests. When you switch back to
Google\-managed mode, any local changes on the VMs are lost and they are
restarted and added back into the normal pools.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIMODULES\fR [\fIMODULES\fR ...]
.RS 2m
One or more module names to perform this action on. To select the default module
for your app, use "default".


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR
.RS 2m
The version of the app that you want to operate on.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-google\fR
.RS 2m
Switch the VMs back to being Google managed. Any local changes on the VMs will
be lost.

.RE
\fB\-\-instance\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The instance name to set the management policy on. If not given, all instances
will be set.

.RE
\fB\-\-self\fR
.RS 2m
Switch the VMs to self managed mode. This will allow you SSH into, and debug
your app on these machines.

.RE
\fB\-\-server\fR \fISERVER\fR
.RS 2m
The App Engine server to connect to. You will not typically need to change this
value.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To switch to self\-managed mode for a module, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules set\-managed\-by default \-\-version=1 \e
    \-\-self
.RE

To switch back to Google\-managed mode for a module, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules set\-managed\-by default \-\-version=1 \e
    \-\-google
.RE

To set just a single VM instance of a module to self\-managed mode, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules set\-managed\-by default \-\-version=1 \e
    \-\-self \-\-instance=INSTANCE\-NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

