
.TH "GCLOUD_CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud config \- view and edit Cloud SDK properties



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud config\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

A configuration is a set of properties that govern the behavior of gcloud and
other tools in the Cloud SDK. The SDK provides a configuration named
\f5default\fR whose initial properties are set when you run the \f5gcloud
init\fR command. You can create any number of additional named configurations
using \f5gcloud init\fR or \f5gcloud config configurations create\fR, and switch
between configurations using \f5gcloud config configurations activate\fR.

gcloud supports several flags that have the same effect as properties in a
configuration (for example, gcloud supports both the \f5\-\-project\fR flag and
\f5project\fR property). Properties differ from flags in that flags affect
command behavior on a per\-invocation basis. Properties allow you to maintain
the same settings across command executions.

For more information on configurations, see \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR.



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBconfigurations\fR
.RS 2m
Manage the set of gcloud named configurations.


.RE

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBlist\fR
.RS 2m
View Cloud SDK properties.

.RE
\fBset\fR
.RS 2m
Set a Cloud SDK property.

.RE
\fBunset\fR
.RS 2m
Unset a Cloud SDK property.


.RE

.SH "AVAIABLE PROPERTIES"

\fIcore\fR
.RS 2m

\fBaccount\fR
.RS 2m
The account gcloud should use for authentication. You can run \f5gcloud auth
list\fR to see the accounts you currently have available.


.RE
\fBactivate_on_create\fR
.RS 2m
If True, creating a new configuration using \f5gcloud config configurations
create\fR will also activate it.


.RE
\fBdisable_color\fR
.RS 2m
If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the terminal.


.RE
\fBdisable_prompts\fR
.RS 2m
If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts. For any
prompts that require user input, an error will be raised. This is the equivalent
of using the global \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag.


.RE
\fBdisable_usage_reporting\fR
.RS 2m
If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected. This is value
is set based on your choices during installation, but can be changed at any
time. For more information, see: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage\-statistics


.RE
\fBlog_http\fR
.RS 2m
If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. You may need to adjust
your \f5verbosity\fR setting if you want to see in the terminal, otherwise it is
available in the log files.


.RE
\fBpass_credentials_to_gsutil\fR
.RS 2m
If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.


.RE
\fBproject\fR
.RS 2m
The project id of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by default. This can
be overridden by using the global \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
\fBtrace_token\fR
.RS 2m
Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of issues. This
token will be provided by Google support.


.RE
\fBuser_output_enabled\fR
.RS 2m
If False, messages to the user and command output on both standard output and
standard error will be suppressed.


.RE
\fBverbosity\fR
.RS 2m
The default logging verbosity for gcloud commands. This is the equivalent of
using the global \f5\-\-verbosity\fR flag.


.RE
.RE
\fIapp\fR
.RS 2m

\fBcloud_build_timeout\fR
.RS 2m
The timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete during
deployments. All Docker builds now use the Container Builder API.


.RE
\fBstop_previous_version\fR
.RS 2m
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously deployed
version is stopped. If False, older versions must be stopped manually.


.RE
.RE
\fIcomponent_manager\fR
.RS 2m

\fBadditional_repositories\fR
.RS 2m
A comma separated list of additional repositories to check for components. This
property is automatically managed by the \f5gcloud components repositories\fR
commands.


.RE
\fBdisable_update_check\fR
.RS 2m
If True, the Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.


.RE
.RE
\fIcompute\fR
.RS 2m

\fBregion\fR
.RS 2m
The default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine resources.
When a \f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
back to this value, if set.


.RE
\fBzone\fR
.RS 2m
The default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine resources. When a
\f5\-\-zone\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set.


.RE
.RE
\fIcontainer\fR
.RS 2m

\fBbuild_timeout\fR
.RS 2m
The timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.


.RE
\fBcluster\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the cluster to use by default when working with Container Engine.


.RE
\fBuse_client_certificate\fR
.RS 2m
Use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to the cluster API server.


.RE
.RE
\fIproxy\fR
.RS 2m

\fBaddress\fR
.RS 2m
The hostname or IP address of your proxy server.


.RE
\fBpassword\fR
.RS 2m
If your proxy requires authentication, the password to use when connecting.


.RE
\fBport\fR
.RS 2m
The port to use when connected to your proxy server.


.RE
\fBtype\fR
.RS 2m
The type of proxy you are using. Supported proxy types are: [http,
http_no_tunnel, socks4, socks5].


.RE
\fBusername\fR
.RS 2m
If your proxy requires authentication, the username to use when connecting.
.RE
.RE
