
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_COPY\-FILES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute copy\-files \- copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute copy\-files\fR [[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR [[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR\ ...] [[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fIDEST\fR [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-plain\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR\ \fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR\ \fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute copy\-files\fR copies files between a virtual machine instance
and your local machine.

To denote a remote file, prefix the file name with the virtual machine instance
name (e.g., \fIexample\-instance\fR:~/\fIFILE\fR). To denote a local file, do
not add a prefix to the file name (e.g., ~/\fIFILE\fR). For example, to copy a
remote directory to your local host, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute copy\-files example\-instance:~/REMOTE\-DIR \e
    ~/LOCAL\-DIR \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

In the above example, \f5\fI~/REMOTE\-DIR\fR\fR from
\f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR is copied into the ~/\fILOCAL\-DIR\fR directory.

Conversely, files from your local computer can be copied to a virtual machine:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute copy\-files ~/LOCAL\-FILE\-1 ~/LOCAL\-FILE\-2 \e
    example\-instance:~/REMOTE\-DIR \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

If a file contains a colon (``:''), you must specify it by either using an
absolute path or a path that begins with ``./''.

Under the covers, \fBscp(1)\fR is used to facilitate the transfer.

When the destination is local, all sources must be the same virtual machine
instance. When the destination is remote, all source must be local.

This command ensures that the user's public SSH key is present in the project's
metadata. If the user does not have a public SSH key, one is generated using
\fBssh\-keygen(1)\fR (if the the \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag is given, the generated
key will have an empty passphrase).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR [[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR ...]
.RS 2m
Specifies a source file.

.RE
[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fIDEST\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies a destination for the source files.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
.RS 2m
If provided, prints the command that would be run to standard out instead of
executing it.

.RE
\fB\-\-plain\fR
.RS 2m
Suppresses the automatic addition of \fBssh(1)\fR/\fBscp(1)\fR flags. This flag
is useful if you want to take care of authentication yourself or use specific
ssh/scp features.

.RE
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR \fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR
.RS 2m
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR \fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR
.RS 2m
Override the default behavior of StrictHostKeyChecking. By default,
StrictHostKeyChecking is set to 'no' the first time you connect to an instance
and will be set to 'yes' for all subsequent connections. Use this flag to
specify a value for the connection.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to copy files to/from. If omitted, you will be prompted
to select a zone.

If not specified, you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
