
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_DELETE\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed delete\-instances \- delete instances managed by managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed delete\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed delete\-instances\fR is used to
deletes one or more instances from a managed instance group. Once the instances
are deleted, the size of the group is automatically reduced to reflect the
changes.

If you would like to keep the underlying virtual machines but still remove them
from the managed instance group, use the abandon\-instances command instead.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the managed instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Names of instances to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you will
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
