
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs list \- list jobs in a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs list\fR [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-state\-filter\fR=\fISTATE_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List jobs in a project. An optional filter can be used to constrain the jobs
returned. Filters are case\-sensitive and have the following syntax:

.RS 2m
[field = value] AND [field [= value]] ...
.RE

where \f5field\fR is \f5status.state\fR or \f5labels.[KEY]\fR, and \f5[KEY]\fR
is a label key. \f5value\fR can be \f5*\fR to match all values.
\f5status.state\fR can be either \f5ACTIVE\fR or \f5INACTIVE\fR. Only the
logical \f5AND\fR operator is supported; space\-separated items are treated as
having an implicit \f5AND\fR operator.



.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
.RS 2m
Restrict to the jobs of this Dataproc cluster.

.RE
\fB\-\-state\-filter\fR=\fISTATE_FILTER\fR
.RS 2m
Filter by job state. \fISTATE_FILTER\fR must be one of: \fBactive\fR,
\fBinactive\fR.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all jobs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs list
.RE

To see a list of all active jobs in cluster \f5my_cluster\fR with a label of
\f5env=staging\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs list \e
    \-\-filter='status.state = ACTIVE AND placement.clusterName =
 my_cluster AND labels.env = staging'
.RE
