
.TH "GCLOUD_AUTH_LOGIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud auth login \- authorize gcloud to access Google Cloud Platform



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud auth login\fR [\fIACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-activate\fR] [\fB\-\-brief\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Obtains access credentials for your user account via a web\-based authorization
flow. When this command completes successfully, it sets the active account in
the current configuration to the account specified. If no configuration exists,
it creates a configuration named default.

If valid credentials for an account are already available from a prior
authorization, the account is set to active without rerunning the flow.

Use \f5gcloud auth list\fR to view credentialed accounts.

Deprecated behavior: This command also saves the credentials for Application
Default Credentials. This behavior has been taken over by 'gcloud auth
application\-default login', so prefer to use that command instead for that
purpose.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fIACCOUNT\fR]
.RS 2m
User account used for authorization.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-activate\fR
.RS 2m
Set the new account to active. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-activate\fR to
disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-brief\fR
.RS 2m
Minimal user output.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR
.RS 2m
Enable Google Drive access.

.RE
\fB\-\-force\fR
.RS 2m
Re\-run the web authorization flow even if the given account has valid
credentials.

.RE
\fB\-\-launch\-browser\fR
.RS 2m
Launch a browser for authorization. If not enabled or DISPLAY variable is not
set, prints a URL to standard output to be copied. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR to disable.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
