
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_ADD\-BACKEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services add\-backend \- add a backend to a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services add\-backend\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR [\fB\-\-balancing\-mode\fR=\fIBALANCING_MODE\fR] [\fB\-\-capacity\-scaler\fR=\fICAPACITY_SCALER\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR=\fIMAX_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-connections\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS_PER_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-rate\fR=\fIMAX_RATE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_RATE_PER_INSTANCE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services add\-backend\fR is used to add a backend to
a backend service. A backend is a group of tasks that can handle requests sent
to a backend service. Currently, the group of tasks can be one or more Google
Compute Engine virtual machine instances grouped together using an instance
group.

Traffic is first spread evenly across all virtual machines in the group. When
the group is full, traffic is sent to the next nearest group(s) that still have
remaining capacity.

To modify the parameters of a backend after it has been added to the backend
service, use \f5gcloud compute backend\-services update\-backend\fR or \f5gcloud
compute backend\-services edit\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the backend service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR
The name or URI of a Google Cloud Instance Group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-balancing\-mode\fR=\fIBALANCING_MODE\fR
Defines the strategy for balancing load.

\fBRATE\fR and the max rate arguments are available only in backend services
with HTTP based protocols.

For backend services with TCP/SSL protocol either \fBUTILIZATION\fR or
\fBCONNECTION\fR are available.


\fIBALANCING_MODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCONNECTION\fR
Spreads load based on how many concurrent connections the group can handle.
There are two ways to specify max connections: \fB\-\-max\-connections\fR which
defines the max number of connections for the whole group or
\fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR, which defines the max number of
connections on a per\-instance basis.
.TP 2m
\fBRATE\fR
Spreads load based on how many requests per second (RPS) the group can handle.
There are two ways to specify max RPS: \fB\-\-max\-rate\fR which defines the max
RPS for the whole group or \fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR, which defines the
max RPS on a per\-instance basis.
.TP 2m
\fBUTILIZATION\fR
Relies on the CPU utilization of the instances in the group when balancing load.
Use \fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR to set a maximum target CPU utilization for each
instance. Use \fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR or \fB\-\-max\-rate\fR to
optionally limit based on RPS in addition to CPU. You can optionally also limit
based on connections (for TCP/SSL) in addition to CPU by setting
\fB\-\-max\-connections\fR or \fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-capacity\-scaler\fR=\fICAPACITY_SCALER\fR
A float in the range [0.0, 1.0] that scales the maximum parameters for the group
(e.g., max rate). A value of 0.0 will cause no requests to be sent to the group
(i.e., it adds the group in a \f5\fIdrained\fR\fR state).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR=\fIMAX_UTILIZATION\fR
The target CPU utilization for the group as a float in the range [0.0, 1.0].
This flag can only be provided when the balancing mode is \fBUTILIZATION\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR
The region of the instance group to add to the backend service. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to add to the backend service. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to add to the backend service. DEPRECATED, use
\-\-instance\-group\-zone flag instead.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-connections\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS\fR
Maximum concurrent connections that the group can handle.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS_PER_INSTANCE\fR
The maximum concurrent connections per\-instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-rate\fR=\fIMAX_RATE\fR
Maximum requests per second (RPS) that the group can handle.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_RATE_PER_INSTANCE\fR
The maximum per\-instance requests per second (RPS).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
