
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_INSTANCES_ENABLE\-DEBUG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app instances enable\-debug \- enables debug mode for an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app instances enable\-debug\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR,\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

When in debug mode, SSH will be enabled on the VMs, and you can use \f5gcloud
compute ssh\fR to login to them. They will be removed from the health checking
pools, but they still receive requests.

Note that any local changes to an instance will be **lost** and the instance
restarted if debug mode is disabled on the instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fIINSTANCE\fR]
.RS 2m
The instance ID to enable debug mode on. If not specified, select instance
interactively. Must uniquely specify (with other flags) exactly one instance


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-service\fR \fISERVICE\fR, \fB\-s\fR \fISERVICE\fR
.RS 2m
If specified, only match instances belonging to the given service. This affects
both interactive and non\-interactive selection.

.RE
\fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
.RS 2m
If specified, only match instances belonging to the given version. This affects
both interactive and non\-interactive selection.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable debug mode for a particular instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances enable\-debug \-\-service=service \e
  \-\-version=version gae\-default\-v1\-nwz0
.RE

To enable debug mode for an instance chosen interactively, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances enable\-debug
.RE
