
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute addresses create \- reserve IP addresses



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute addresses create\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-addresses\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR,[\fIADDRESS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute addresses create\fR is used to reserve one or more IP
addresses. Once an IP address is reserved, it will be associated with the
project until it is released using 'gcloud compute addresses delete'. Ephemeral
IP addresses that are in use by resources in the project, can be reserved using
the \f5\fI\-\-addresses\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
The address names to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-addresses\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR,[\fIADDRESS\fR,...]
Ephemeral IP addresses to promote to reserved status. Only addresses that are
being used by resources in the project can be promoted. When providing this
flag, a parallel list of names for the addresses can be provided. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses create ADDRESS\-1 ADDRESS\-2 \e
    \-\-addresses 162.222.181.197,162.222.181.198 \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

will result in 162.222.181.197 being reserved as 'ADDRESS\-1' and
162.222.181.198 as 'ADDRESS\-2'. If no names are given, randomly\-generated
names will be assigned to the IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional textual description for the addresses.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the address name is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the address name to operate on. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To reserve three IP addresses in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR region, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses create ADDRESS\-1 ADDRESS\-2 ADDRESS\-3 \e
    \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

To reserve ephemeral IP addresses 162.222.181.198 and 23.251.146.189 which are
being used by virtual machine instances in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR region,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses create \e
    \-\-addresses 162.222.181.198,23.251.146.189 \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

In the above invocation, the two addresses will be assigned random names.
