
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_UPDATE\-INTERFACE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute routers update\-interface \- update an interface on a router



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute routers update\-interface\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-interface\-name\fR \fIINTERFACE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR\ \fIIP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-mask\-length\fR\ \fIMASK_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR\ \fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-vpn\-tunnel\fR\ \fIVPN_TUNNEL\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute routers update\-interface\fR is used to update an interface on
a router.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the router.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-interface\-name\fR \fIINTERFACE_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the interface being updated.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR \fIIP_ADDRESS\fR
.RS 2m
The link local address of the router for this interface.

.RE
\fB\-\-mask\-length\fR \fIMASK_LENGTH\fR
.RS 2m
The mask for network used for the server IP address.

.RE
\fB\-\-region\fR \fIREGION\fR
.RS 2m
The region of the router to update. If not specified, you will be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-vpn\-tunnel\fR \fIVPN_TUNNEL\fR
.RS 2m
The tunnel of the interface being updated.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
