
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FIREWALL\-RULES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute firewall\-rules create \- create a Google Compute Engine firewall rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute firewall\-rules create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-allow\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute firewall\-rules create\fR is used to create firewall rules to
allow incoming traffic to a network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the firewall rule to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...]
A list of protocols and ports whose traffic will be allowed.

PROTOCOL is the IP protocol whose traffic will be allowed. PROTOCOL can be
either the name of a well\-known protocol (e.g., tcp or icmp) or the IP protocol
number. A list of IP protocols can be found at
http://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol\-numbers/protocol\-numbers.xhtml.

A port or port range can be specified after PROTOCOL to allow traffic through
specific ports. If no port or port range is specified, connections through all
ranges are allowed. For example, the following will create a rule that allows
TCP traffic through port 80 and allows ICMP traffic:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules create MY\-RULE \-\-allow tcp:80,icmp
.RE

TCP and UDP rules must include a port or port range.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the firewall rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
The network to which this rule is attached. If omitted, the rule is attached to
the \f5\fIdefault\fR\fR network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
A list of IP address blocks that are allowed to make inbound connections that
match the firewall rule to the instances on the network. The IP address blocks
must be specified in CIDR format:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter\-Domain_Routing.

If neither \-\-source\-ranges nor \-\-source\-tags is provided, then this flag
will default to 0.0.0.0/0, allowing all sources. Multiple IP address blocks can
be specified if they are separated by commas.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating the set of instances on the network which may
make network connections that match the firewall rule. If omitted, all instances
on the network can make connections that match the rule.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating the set of instances on the network which may
accept inbound connections that match the firewall rule. If omitted, all
instances on the network can receive inbound connections that match the rule.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
