
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_DETACH\-DISK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances detach\-disk \- detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances detach\-disk\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-device\-name\fR\ \fIDEVICE_NAME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-disk\fR\ \fIDISK\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances detach\-disk\fR is used to detach disks from virtual
machines.

Detaching a disk without first unmounting it may result in incomplete I/O
operations and data corruption. To unmount a persistent disk on a Linux\-based
image, ssh into the instance and run:

.RS 2m
$ sudo umount /dev/disk/by\-id/google\-DEVICE_NAME
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance to detach the disk from.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-device\-name\fR \fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies a disk to detach by its device name, which is the name that the guest
operating system sees. The device name is set at the time that the disk is
attached to the instance, and needs not be the same as the persistent disk name.
If the disk's device name is specified, then its persistent disk name must not
be specified using the \f5\fI\-\-disk\fR\fR flag.

.RE
\fB\-\-disk\fR \fIDISK\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies a disk to detach by its resource name. If you specify a disk to remove
by persistent disk name, then you must not specify its device name using the
\f5\fI\-\-device\-name\fR\fR flag.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to detach a disk from. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
