
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container clusters create \- create a cluster for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container clusters create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-additional\-zones\fR\ \fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR\ \fICLUSTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR] [\fB\-\-disable\-addons\fR\ [\fIDISABLE_ADDONS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR\ \fIDISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR\ \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR,\ \fB\-m\fR\ \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool\fR\ \fIMAX_NODES_PER_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR\ \fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR\ \fINUM_NODES\fR;\ default="3"] [\fB\-\-password\fR\ \fIPASSWORD\fR] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR\ \fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR\ \fISUBNETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-username\fR\ \fIUSERNAME\fR,\ \fB\-u\fR\ \fIUSERNAME\fR;\ default="admin"] [\fB\-\-wait\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a cluster for running containers.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of this cluster.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-additional\-zones\fR \fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
The set of additional zones in which the specified node footprint should be
replicated. All zones must be in the same region as the cluster's primary zone.
If additional\-zones is not specified, all nodes will be in the cluster's
primary zone.

Note that \f5NUM_NODES\fR nodes will be created in each zone, such that if you
specify \f5\-\-num\-nodes=4\fR and choose one additional zone, 8 nodes will be
created.

Multiple locations can be specified, separated by commas. For example:

.RS 2m
$ {command} example\-cluster \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-additional\-zones us\-central1\-b,us\-central1\-c
.RE


.RE
\fB\-\-async\fR
.RS 2m
Don't wait for the operation to complete. Use \fB\-\-no\-async\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR \fICLUSTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR
.RS 2m
The IP address range for the pods in this cluster in CIDR notation (e.g.
10.0.0.0/14). Defaults to server\-specified

.RE
\fB\-\-disable\-addons\fR [\fIDISABLE_ADDONS\fR,...]
.RS 2m
List of cluster addons to disable. Options are HttpLoadBalancing,
HorizontalPodAutoscaling

.RE
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR \fIDISK_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Size in GB for node VM boot disks. Defaults to 100GB.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR
.RS 2m
Automatically enable Google Cloud Endpoints to take advantage of API management
features. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR to
disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR
.RS 2m
Automatically send logs from the cluster to the Google Cloud Logging API.
Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR
.RS 2m
Automatically send metrics from pods in the cluster to the Google Cloud
Monitoring API. VM metrics will be collected by Google Compute Engine regardless
of this setting. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR
to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR, \fB\-m\fR \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
.RS 2m
The type of machine to use for nodes. Defaults to server\-specified

.RE
\fB\-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool\fR \fIMAX_NODES_PER_POOL\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of nodes to allocate per default initial node pool. Container
engine will automatically create enough nodes pools such that each node pool
contains less than \-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool nodes. Defaults to 1000 nodes, but
can be set as low as 100 nodes per pool on initial create.

.RE
\fB\-\-network\fR \fINETWORK\fR
.RS 2m
The Compute Engine Network that the cluster will connect to. Google Container
Engine will use this network when creating routes and firewalls for the
clusters. Defaults to the 'default' network.

.RE
\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR \fINUM_NODES\fR; default="3"
.RS 2m
The number of nodes to be created in each of the cluster's zones.

.RE
\fB\-\-password\fR \fIPASSWORD\fR
.RS 2m
The password to use for cluster auth. Defaults to a randomly\-generated string.

.RE
\fB\-\-scopes\fR \fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies scopes for the node instances. The project's default service account
is used. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes bigquery,storage\-rw,compute\-ro
.RE

Multiple SCOPEs can specified, separated by commas. The scopes necessary for the
cluster to function properly (compute\-rw, storage\-ro), are always added, even
if not explicitly specified.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. Available aliases
are:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Alias,URI
bigquery,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud\-platform,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform
compute\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
logging\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
service\-control,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service\-management,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management
sql,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql\-admin,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage\-full,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
useraccounts\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
useraccounts\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts
userinfo\-email,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE


.RE
\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR \fISUBNETWORK\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the Google Compute Engine subnetwork
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/subnetworks) to which the cluster is
connected. If specified, the cluster's network must be a "custom subnet"
network. Specification of subnetworks is an alpha feature, and requires that the
Google Compute Engine alpha API be enabled.

.RE
\fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR, \fB\-u\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR; default="admin"
.RS 2m
The user name to use for cluster auth.

.RE
\fB\-\-wait\fR
.RS 2m
Poll the operation for completion after issuing a create request. Use
\fB\-\-no\-wait\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
