
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_VPN\-TUNNELS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels list \- list Google Compute Engine VPN tunnels



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-regions\fR\ \fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR\ \fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR\ [\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR\ \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fIFIELDS\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute vpn\-tunnels list\fR displays all Google Compute Engine VPN
tunnels in a project.

By default, VPN tunnels from all regions are listed. The results can be narrowed
down by providing the \f5\fI\-\-regions\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fINAME\fR ...]
.RS 2m
If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of resources.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-regexp\fR \fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
.RS 2m
A regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names that do
not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

.RE
\fB\-\-regions\fR \fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]
.RS 2m
If provided, only resources from the given regions are queried.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR \fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-flatten\fR [\fIKEY\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Flatten \fIname\fR[] resource slices in \fIKEY\fR to separate records for each
item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This also
flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def[]\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fIFIELDS\fR
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all VPN tunnels in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels list
.RE

To list the URIs of all VPN tunnels in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all VPN tunnels in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels list \-\-regions us\-central1 europe\-west1
.RE
