
.TH "GCLOUD_CONFIG_SET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud config set \- edit Google Cloud SDK properties



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud config set\fR \fISECTION\fR/\fIPROPERTY\fR \fIVALUE\fR [\fB\-\-installation\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-scope\fR\ \fISCOPE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Set the value for an option, so that Cloud SDK tools can use them as
configuration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fISECTION\fR/\fIPROPERTY\fR
.RS 2m
The property to be set. Note that SECTION/ is optional while referring to
properties in the core section.

.RE
\fIVALUE\fR
.RS 2m
The value to be set.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-installation\fR
.RS 2m
Typically properties are updated only in the currently active configuration, but
when \f5\-\-installation\fR is given the property is updated for the entire
gcloud installation.

.RE
\fB\-\-scope\fR \fISCOPE\fR
.RS 2m
Deprecated. Gcloud will be removing support for the workspaces and the global
user configuration. See \f5gcloud help topic configurations\fR for more
information. Use the \f5\-\-installation\fR flag to set installation\-wide
properties.

.RS 2m
The scope flag determines which configuration file is modified by
this operation.  The files are read (and take precedence) in the
following order:
.RE

.RS 2m
*workspace*::: The workspace based configuration file is based on your current working directory.  You can set project specific configuration here that will only take effect when working within that project's directory.  You cannot set this value if you are not currently within a gcloud workspace.  This will override all values from any other configuration files.
.RE

\fBuser\fR
.RS 2m
The user based configuration file applies only to the current user of the
system. It will override any values from the installation configuration.

.RE
\fBinstallation\fR
.RS 2m
The installation based configuration file applies to all users on the system
that use this version of the Cloud SDK. If the SDK was installed by an
administrator, you will need administrator rights to make changes to this file.

.RE
.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the project property in the core section, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set project myProject
.RE

To set the zone property in the compute section, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone zone3
.RE
