
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app \- \fB(BETA)\fR manage your App Engine app



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This set of commands allows you to deploy your app, manage your
existing deployments, and also run your app locally. These commands replace
their equivalents in the appcfg tool.



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBmodules\fR
.RS 2m
\fB(BETA)\fR View and manage your App Engine modules.


.RE

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBbrowse\fR
.RS 2m
\fB(BETA)\fR Open the current app in a web browser.

.RE
\fBdeploy\fR
.RS 2m
\fB(BETA)\fR Deploy the local code and/or configuration of your app to App
Engine.

.RE
\fBgen\-config\fR
.RS 2m
\fB(BETA)\fR Generate missing configuration files for a source directory.


.RE

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To run your app locally in the development application server, run:

.RS 2m
$ dev_appserver.py DEPLOYABLES
.RE

To create a new deployment of one or more modules, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app deploy DEPLOYABLES
.RE

To list your existing deployments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules list
.RE

To generate config files for your source directory:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app gen\-config
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

