
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ATTACH\-DISK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances attach\-disk \- attach a disk to an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances attach\-disk\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-disk\fR \fIDISK\fR [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR\ \fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-device\-name\fR\ \fIDEVICE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-mode\fR\ \fIMODE\fR;\ default="rw"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances attach\-disk\fR is used to attach a disk to an
instance. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances attach\-disk example\-instance \e
    \-\-disk DISK \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

attaches the disk named 'DISK' to the instance named 'example\-instance' in zone
\f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIINSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance to attach the disk to.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-disk\fR \fIDISK\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the disk to attach to the instance.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR \fIFILE\fR
.RS 2m
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.RE
\fB\-\-device\-name\fR \fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
An optional name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. (Note: Device name does not correspond to mounted volume name)

.RE
\fB\-\-mode\fR \fIMODE\fR; default="rw"
.RS 2m
Specifies the mode of the disk. Supported options are \f5\fIro\fR\fR for
read\-only and \f5\fIrw\fR\fR for read\-write. If omitted, \f5\fIrw\fR\fR is
used as a default. It is an error to attach a disk in read\-write mode to more
than one instance.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to attach a disk to. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
