
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPONENTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud components update \- update or install one or more Cloud SDK components or packages



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud components update\fR [\fICOMPONENT\-IDS\fR\ ...] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Ensure that the latest version of each specified component, and the latest
version of all components upon which the specified components directly or
indirectly depend, is installed on the local workstation. If the command
includes one or more names of components or packages, the specified components
are the named components and the components contained in the named packages; if
the command does not name any components or packages, the specified components
are all installed components.

The items may be individual components or preconfigured packages. If a
downloaded component was not previously installed, the downloaded version is
installed. If an earlier version of the component was previously installed, that
version is replaced by the downloaded version.

If, for example, the component \f5\fIUNICORN\-FACTORY\fR\fR depends on the
component \f5\fIHORN\-FACTORY\fR\fR, installing the latest version of
\f5\fIUNICORN\-FACTORY\fR\fR will cause the version of \f5\fIHORN\-FACTORY\fR\fR
upon which it depends to be installed as well, if it is not already installed.
The command lists all components it is about to install, and asks for
confirmation before proceeding.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fICOMPONENT\-IDS\fR ...]
.RS 2m
The IDs of the components to be updated or installed.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command ensures that the latest version is installed for
\f5\fICOMPONENT\-1\fR\fR, \f5\fICOMPONENT\-2\fR\fR, and all components that
depend, directly or indirectly, on either \f5\fICOMPONENT\-1\fR\fR or
\f5\fICOMPONENT\-2\fR\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components update COMPONENT\-1 COMPONENT\-2
.RE
