
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_LIST\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list\-instances \- list instances present in the managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fISORT_BY\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed list\-instances\fR list instances in
a managed instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance group.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of results.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fISORT_BY\fR
.RS 2m
A field to sort by. To perform a descending\-order sort, prefix the value of
this flag with a tilde (``~'').

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
If provided, the list command will only print URIs for the resources returned.
If this flag is not provided, the list command will print a human\-readable
table of useful resource data.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance group to list instances in. If not specified, you will
be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
