
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_UPDATE\-BACKEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services update\-backend \- update an existing backend in a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services update\-backend\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\-group\fR \fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR [\fB\-\-balancing\-mode\fR\ \fIBALANCING_MODE\fR] [\fB\-\-capacity\-scaler\fR\ \fICAPACITY_SCALER\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-rate\fR\ \fIMAX_RATE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR\ \fIMAX_RATE_PER_INSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR\ \fIMAX_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR\ \fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services update\-backend\fR updates a backend that is
part of a backend service. This is useful for changing the way a backend
behaves. Example changes that can be made include changing the load balancing
policy and \f5\fIdraining\fR\fR a backend by setting its capacity scaler to
zero.

Backends are named by their associated instances groups, and one of the
\f5\fI\-\-group\fR\fR or \f5\fI\-\-instance\-group\fR\fR flags is required to
identify the backend that you are modifying. You cannot "change" the instance
group associated with a backend, but you can accomplish something similar with
\f5\fIbackend\-services remove\-backend\fR\fR and \f5\fIbackend\-services
add\-backend\fR\fR.

\'gcloud compute backend\-services edit' can also be used to update a backend if
the use of a text editor is desired.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the backend service.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR \fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR
.RS 2m
The name or URI of a Google Cloud Instance Group.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-balancing\-mode\fR \fIBALANCING_MODE\fR
.RS 2m
Defines the strategy for balancing load. \f5\fIUTILIZATION\fR\fR will rely on
the CPU utilization of the instances in the group when balancing load. When
using \f5\fIUTILIZATION\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-max\-utilization\fR\fR can be used to
set a maximum target CPU utilization for each instance. \f5\fIRATE\fR\fR will
spread load based on how many requests per second (RPS) the group can handle.
There are two ways to specify max RPS: \f5\fI\-\-max\-rate\fR\fR which defines
the max RPS for the whole group or \f5\fI\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR\fR,
which defines the max RPS on a per\-instance basis.

In \f5\fIUTILIZATION\fR\fR, you can optionally limit based on RPS in addition to
CPU by setting either \f5\fI\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR\fR or
\f5\fI\-\-max\-rate\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-capacity\-scaler\fR \fICAPACITY_SCALER\fR
.RS 2m
A float in the range [0, 1.0] that scales the maximum parameters for the group
(e.g., max rate). A value of 0.0 will cause no requests to be sent to the group
(i.e., it adds the group in a \f5\fIdrained\fR\fR state). The default is 1.0.

.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.RE
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR \fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance group to update the backend service. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-max\-rate\fR \fIMAX_RATE\fR
.RS 2m
Maximum requests per second (RPS) that the group can handle.

.RE
\fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR \fIMAX_RATE_PER_INSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum per\-instance requests per second (RPS).

.RE
\fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR \fIMAX_UTILIZATION\fR
.RS 2m
The target CPU utilization for the group as a float in the range [0.0, 1.0].
This flag can only be provided when the balancing mode is
\f5\fIUTILIZATION\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance group to update the backend service. DEPRECATED, use
\-\-instance\-group\-zone flag instead.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
