
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks create \- create Google Compute Engine persistent disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-image\fR\ \fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR\ \fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-project\fR\ \fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-size\fR\ \fISIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR\ \fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute disks create\fR creates one or more Google Compute Engine
persistent disks. When creating virtual machine instances, disks can be attached
to the instances through the \f5gcloud compute instances create\fR command.
Disks can also be attached to instances that are already running using \f5gcloud
compute instances attach\-disk\fR.

Disks are zonal resources, so they reside in a particular zone for their entire
lifetime. The contents of a disk can be moved to a different zone by
snapshotting the disk (using \f5gcloud compute disks snapshot\fR) and creating a
new disk using \f5\-\-source\-snapshot\fR in the desired zone. The contents of a
disk can also be moved across project or zone by creating an image (using
\'gcloud compute images create') and creating a new disk using \f5\-\-image\fR
in the desired project and/or zone.

When creating disks, be sure to include the \f5\-\-zone\fR option:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks create my\-disk\-1 my\-disk\-2 \-\-zone us\-east1\-a
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
.RS 2m
The names of the disks to create.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description for the disks being created.

.RE
\fB\-\-image\fR \fIIMAGE\fR
.RS 2m
An image to apply to the disks being created. When using this option, the size
of the disks must be at least as large as the image size. Use
\f5\fI\-\-size\fR\fR to adjust the size of the disks.

The value for this option can be the name of an image or an alias from the table
below.


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Alias,Project,Image Name
centos\-6,centos\-cloud,centos\-6
centos\-7,centos\-cloud,centos\-7
container\-vm,google\-containers,container\-vm
coreos,coreos\-cloud,coreos\-stable
debian\-7,debian\-cloud,debian\-7\-wheezy
debian\-7\-backports,debian\-cloud,backports\-debian\-7\-wheezy
debian\-8,debian\-cloud,debian\-8\-jessie
opensuse\-13,opensuse\-cloud,opensuse\-13
rhel\-6,rhel\-cloud,rhel\-6
rhel\-7,rhel\-cloud,rhel\-7
sles\-11,suse\-cloud,sles\-11
sles\-12,suse\-cloud,sles\-12
ubuntu\-12\-04,ubuntu\-os\-cloud,ubuntu\-1204\-precise
ubuntu\-14\-04,ubuntu\-os\-cloud,ubuntu\-1404\-trusty
ubuntu\-15\-04,ubuntu\-os\-cloud,ubuntu\-1504\-vivid
windows\-2008\-r2,windows\-cloud,windows\-server\-2008\-r2
windows\-2012\-r2,windows\-cloud,windows\-server\-2012\-r2
.TE

When the value is an alias, this tool will query the public image project that
contains the image type to find the latest image matching the alias. The user's
project is also queried for an image with the same name as the alias. If a
conflict exists, the user will be prompted to resolve the conflict.

To specify an image in another project for which there is no alias, use
\f5\-\-image\-project\fR. When \f5\-\-image\-project\fR is present, no API calls
are made to resolve the image. This property is useful for scripts.

This flag is mutually exclusive with \f5\fI\-\-source\-snapshot\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-image\-project\fR \fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR
.RS 2m
The project against which all image references will be resolved. See
\f5\fI\-\-image\fR\fR for more details.

.RE
\fB\-\-size\fR \fISIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Indicates the size of the disks. The value must be a whole number followed by a
size unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte,
\f5\fIGB\fR\fR for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example,
\f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will produce 10 gigabyte disks. Disk size must be a multiple of
10 GB.

.RE
\fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR \fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR
.RS 2m
A source snapshot used to create the disks. It is safe to delete a snapshot
after a disk has been created from the snapshot. In such cases, the disks will
no longer reference the deleted snapshot. To get a list of snapshots in your
current project, run \f5gcloud compute snapshots list\fR. A snapshot from an
existing disk can be created using the 'gcloud compute disks snapshot' command.
This flag is mutually exclusive with \f5\fI\-\-image\fR\fR.

When using this option, the size of the disks must be at least as large as the
snapshot size. Use \f5\fI\-\-size\fR\fR to adjust the size of the disks.

.RE
\fB\-\-type\fR \fITYPE\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies the type of disk to create. To get a list of available disk types, run
\'gcloud compute disk\-types list'. The default disk type is pd\-standard.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the disks to create. If not specified, you will be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
