
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_UPDATE_TCP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute health\-checks update tcp \- update a TCP health check



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute health\-checks update tcp\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR] [\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute health\-checks update tcp\fR is used to update an existing TCP
health check. Only arguments passed in will be updated on the health check.
Other attributes will remain unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the TCP health check.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR
.RS 2m
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. Valid units for this flag
are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
A textual description for the TCP health check. Pass in an empty string to
unset.

.RE
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
.RS 2m
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
.RS 2m
The TCP port number that this health check monitors.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.
Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing port\-name value.

.RE
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
.RS 2m
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

\fBNONE\fR
.RS 2m
No proxy header is added.
.RE
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
.RS 2m
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".

.RE
.RE
\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR
.RS 2m
Application data to send once the TCP connection has been established. By
default, this is empty. If both request and response are empty, the connection
establishment alone will indicate health of the TCP connection.

Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing request value.

.RE
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
.RS 2m
The bytes to match against the beginning of the response data. By default, this
is empty. If empty, any response will indicate health of the TCP connection.
Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing response value.

.RE
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
.RS 2m
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. Valid
units for this flag are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.RE
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
.RS 2m
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
