
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_TRANSACTION_EXECUTE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns record\-sets transaction execute \- execute the transaction on Cloud DNS



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns record\-sets transaction execute\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR\ \fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR;\ default="transaction.yaml"] [\fB\-\-filter\fR\ \fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR\ [\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR\ \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fIFIELDS\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command executes the transaction on Cloud DNS. This will result in
record\-sets being changed as specified in the transaction.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR \fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR; default="transaction.yaml"
.RS 2m
Path of the file which contains the transaction.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR \fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-flatten\fR [\fIKEY\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Flatten \fIname\fR[] resource slices in \fIKEY\fR to separate records for each
item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This also
flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def[]\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fIFIELDS\fR
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To execute the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction execute \-z MANAGED_ZONE
.RE
