
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP_MODULES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app modules list \- \fB(BETA)\fR list your existing deployed modules and versions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app modules list\fR [\fIMODULES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-server\fR\ \fISERVER\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR\ \fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR\ [\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR\ \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fIFIELDS\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command lists all the modules and their versions that are
currently deployed to the App Engine server. The default serving version for
each module is indicated with a '\fB'.


\fR

.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fIMODULES\fR ...]
.RS 2m
An optional list of module names to perform this action on. To select the
default module for your app, use "default". If no modules are given all modules
are used.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-server\fR \fISERVER\fR
.RS 2m
The App Engine server to connect to. You will not typically need to change this
value.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR \fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-flatten\fR [\fIKEY\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Flatten \fIname\fR[] resource slices in \fIKEY\fR to separate records for each
item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This also
flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def[]\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fIFIELDS\fR
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all modules and versions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules list
.RE

To list all versions for a specific set of modules, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules list module1 module2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

