
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_REMOVE\-BACKEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend \- remove a backend from a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR is used to remove a
backend from a backend service.

Before removing a backend, it is a good idea to "drain" the backend first. A
backend can be drained by setting its capacity scaler to zero through 'gcloud
compute backend\-services edit'.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the backend service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR
The name or URI of a Google Cloud Instance Group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR
The region of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to remove from the backend service. DEPRECATED,
use \-\-instance\-group\-zone flag instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
