
.TH "GCLOUD_SERVICE\-MANAGEMENT_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud service\-management list \- list services for a given project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud service\-management list\fR [\fB\-\-available\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-enabled\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-produced\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List services for a given project.



.SH "FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-available\fR
Return the services available to the project to enable. This list will include
any services that the project has already enabled. Or use one of \-\-enabled or
\-\-produced.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enabled\fR
(DEFAULT) Return the services which the project has enabled. Or use one of
\-\-produced or \-\-available.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-produced\fR
Return the services that the project has produced. Or use one of \-\-enabled or
\-\-available.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
