
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug \- commands for interacting with the Cloud Debugger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Commands that allow interacting with the Cloud Debugger to list and manipulate
debug targets, snapshots, and logpoints.



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlogpoints\fR
Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger logpoints.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshots\fR
Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\fR
Commands to manage source information for Stackdriver tools.

.TP 2m
\fBtargets\fR
Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger debug targets.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view all available debug targets, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug targets list
NAME           ID             DESCRIPTION
default\-test   gcp:1234:5678  myproject\-test\-9876543
default\-test2  gcp:9012:3456  myproject\-test2\-1234567
.RE

To create a snapshot in a for a particular target:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots create \-\-target=default\-test foo.py:12
...
.RE

Note that if there is not a target with the exact name or ID specified, the
target is treated as a regular expression to match against the name or
description:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots create \-\-target=test foo.py:12
ERROR: (gcloud.beta.debug.snapshots.create) Multiple possible
targets found.
Use the \-\-target option to select one of the following targets:
    default\-test
    default\-test2
.RE

In the above case, "test" matches both targets' names. Specifying 'test$' would
match only "default\-test" (by name), while "9876" would match "default\-test"
by description.
