
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_HIVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs submit hive \- submit a Hive job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs submit hive\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR (\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a Hive job to a cluster.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.

.RE
.sp
Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
A Hive query to execute as part of the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
HCFS URI of file containing Hive script to execute as the job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Does not wait for the job to run.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
Whether to continue if a single query fails.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the Hive and MR. May contain
UDFs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to set variables in the Hive queries.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to configure Hive.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Hive job with a local script, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit hive \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-file my_queries.q
.RE

To submit a Hive job with inline queries, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit hive \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-e \e
    "CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE foo(bar int) LOCATION\e
 'gs://my_bucket/'" \-e "SELECT * FROM foo WHERE bar > 2"
.RE
