
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_INSTANCES_DISABLE\-DEBUG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app instances disable\-debug \- disables debug mode for an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app instances disable\-debug\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR,\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

When not in debug mode, SSH will be disabled on the VMs. They will be included
in the health checking pools.

Note that any local changes to an instance will be **lost** and the instance
restarted if debug mode is disabled on the instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fIINSTANCE\fR]
.RS 2m
The instance ID to disable debug mode on. If not specified, select instance
interactively. Must uniquely specify (with other flags) exactly one instance


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-service\fR \fISERVICE\fR, \fB\-s\fR \fISERVICE\fR
.RS 2m
If specified, only match instances belonging to the given service. This affects
both interactive and non\-interactive selection.

.RE
\fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
.RS 2m
If specified, only match instances belonging to the given version. This affects
both interactive and non\-interactive selection.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To disable debug mode for a particular instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances disable\-debug \-\-service=service \e
  \-\-version=version gae\-default\-v1\-nwz0
.RE

To disable debug mode for an instance chosen interactively, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances disable\-debug
.RE
