
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP_MODULES_DOWNLOAD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app modules download \- \fB(BETA)\fR (DEPRECATED) Download a specific version of the given modules of your app



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app modules download\fR \fIMODULES\fR [\fIMODULES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-output\-dir\fR\ \fIOUTPUT_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-server\fR\ \fISERVER\fR] \fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command is deprecated and will soon be removed.

This command downloads the files that were in the deployment of the given
modules. For each module you specify, a directory named for that module will be
created under \f5\fIoutput\-dir\fR\fR with the files belonging to that module.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIMODULES\fR [\fIMODULES\fR ...]
.RS 2m
One or more module names to perform this action on. To select the default module
for your app, use "default".


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-output\-dir\fR \fIOUTPUT_DIR\fR
.RS 2m
An optional directory to download the app to. By default, the current directory
will be used.

.RE
\fB\-\-server\fR \fISERVER\fR
.RS 2m
The App Engine server to connect to. You will not typically need to change this
value.

.RE
\fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR
.RS 2m
The version of the app that you want to operate on.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To download a single module, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules download default \-\-version=1 \e
    \-\-output\-dir=~/download
.RE

To download multiple modules, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules download module1 module2 \-\-version=1 \e
    \-\-output\-dir=~/download
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

