
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_BUILDS_SUBMIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container builds submit \- submit a build using the Google Container Builder service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container builds submit\fR \fISOURCE\fR (\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR,\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITAG\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-log\-dir\fR=\fIGCS_LOG_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-source\-staging\-dir\fR=\fIGCS_SOURCE_STAGING_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a build using the Google Container Builder service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISOURCE\fR
The source directory on local disk or tarball in Google Cloud Storage or disk to
use for this build.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
The .yaml or .json file to use for build configuration.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR, \fB\-t\fR \fITAG\fR
The tag to use with a "docker build" image creation. The Container Builder
service will run a remote "docker build \-t $TAG .", where $TAG is the tag
provided by this flag. The tag must be in the gcr.io/* or *.gcr.io/* namespaces.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress and don't wait for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-log\-dir\fR=\fIGCS_LOG_DIR\fR
Directory in Google Cloud Storage to hold build logs. If the bucket does not
exist, it will be created. If not set, gs://<project id>\fIcloudbuild/logs is
used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-source\-staging\-dir\fR=\fRGCS_SOURCE_STAGING_DIR\fI
Directory in Google Cloud Storage to stage a copy of the source used for the
build. If the bucket does not exist, it will be created. If not set,
gs://<project id>\fRcloudbuild/source is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
Maximum time a build can last before it is failed as "TIMEOUT", written as a
duration (eg "2h15m5s" is two hours, fifteen minutes, and five seconds). If no
unit is specified, seconds is assumed (eg "10" is 10 seconds).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
