
.TH "GCLOUD_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud deployment\-manager types list \- list types in a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud deployment\-manager types list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR\ \fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR\ \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Prints a a list of the available resource types.



.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR \fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print out a list of all available type names, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager types list
.RE
