
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_TRANSACTION" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns record\-sets transaction \- make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns record\-sets transaction\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR\ \fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR;\ default="transaction.yaml"] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets.



.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR \fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR; default="transaction.yaml"
.RS 2m
Path of the file which contains the transaction.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

\fBabort\fR
.RS 2m
Abort transaction.

.RE
\fBadd\fR
.RS 2m
Append a record\-set addition to the transaction.

.RE
\fBdescribe\fR
.RS 2m
Describe the transaction.

.RE
\fBexecute\fR
.RS 2m
Execute the transaction on Cloud DNS.

.RE
\fBremove\fR
.RS 2m
Append a record\-set deletion to the transaction.

.RE
\fBstart\fR
.RS 2m
Start a transaction.


.RE

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction start
.RE

To append a record\-set addition to the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction add \-\-name RECORD_SET_NAME \e
    \-\-ttl TTL \-\-type TYPE DATA
.RE

To append a record\-set removal to the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction remove \-\-name RECORD_SET_NAME \e
    \-\-ttl TTL \-\-type TYPE DATA
.RE

To look at the details of the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction describe
.RE

To delete the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction abort
.RE

To execute the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction execute
.RE
