
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_DELETE\-ACCESS\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances delete\-access\-config \- delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network interface



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances delete\-access\-config\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR\ \fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR;\ default="external\-nat"] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR\ \fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances delete\-access\-config\fR is used to delete access
configurations from network interfaces of Google Compute Engine virtual
machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance from which to delete the access configuration.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR \fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR; default="external\-nat"
.RS 2m
Specifies the name of the access configuration to delete.
\f5\fIexternal\-nat\fR\fR is used as the default if this flag is not provided.

.RE
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR \fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
.RS 2m
Specifies the name of the network interface from which to delete the access
configuration. If this is not provided, then \f5\fInic0\fR\fR is used as the
default.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance to delete an access config from. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
