
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_SET\-TARGET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target \- modify a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a new target



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR\ \fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\ \fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\ \fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-instance\fR\ \fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-pool\fR\ \fITARGET_POOL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR\ \fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR\ \fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR is used to set a new target
for a forwarding rule. Forwarding rules match and direct certain types of
traffic to a load balancer which is controlled by a target pool, a target
instance, or a target HTTP proxy. Target pools and target instances perform load
balancing at the layer 3 of the OSI networking model
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_layer). Target HTTP proxies perform load
balancing at layer 7.

Forwarding rules can be either regional or global. They are regional if they
point to a target pool or a target instance and global if they point to a target
HTTP proxy.

For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/.


When creating a forwarding rule, exactly one of
\f5\fI\-\-target\-instance\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-pool\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\fR, or
\f5\fI\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR\fR must be specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the forwarding rule.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-global\fR
.RS 2m
If provided, assume the forwarding rules are global. A forwarding rule is global
if it references a target HTTP proxy.

.RE
\fB\-\-region\fR \fIREGION\fR
.RS 2m
The region of the forwarding rule to operate on. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR \fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR
.RS 2m
The target HTTP proxy that will receive the traffic.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR \fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR
.RS 2m
The target HTTPS proxy that will receive the traffic.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-instance\fR \fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the target instance that will receive the traffic. The target
instance must be in a zone that's in the forwarding rule's region. Global
forwarding rules may not direct traffic to target instances. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR \fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the target instance.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR \fITARGET_POOL\fR
.RS 2m
The target pool that will receive the traffic. The target pool must be in the
same region as the forwarding rule. Global forwarding rules may not direct
traffic to target pools.

.RE
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR \fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
.RS 2m
The target VPN gateway that will receive forwarded traffic.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
