
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_LIST\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups list\-instances \- list instances present in the instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups list\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-regexp\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR\ \fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR\ [\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR\ \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fIFIELDS\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups list\-instances\fR list instances in an
instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance group.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-regexp\fR \fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
.RS 2m
A regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names that do
not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance group to list instances in. If not specified, you will
be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR \fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-flatten\fR [\fIKEY\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Flatten \fIname\fR[] resource slices in \fIKEY\fR to separate records for each
item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This also
flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def[]\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fIFIELDS\fR
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
