
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPONENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud components \- list, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK components



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud components\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK components.

Because you might need only some of the tools in the Cloud SDK to do your work,
you can control which tools are installed on your workstation. You can install
new tools on your workstation when you find that you need them, and remove tools
that you no longer need. The gcloud command regularly checks whether updates are
available for the tools you already have installed, and gives you the
opportunity to upgrade to the latest version.

Certain components \fIdepend\fR on other components. When you install a
component that you need, all components upon which it directly or indirectly
depends, and that are not already present on your workstation, are installed
automatically. When you remove a component, all components that depend on the
removed component are also removed.



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrepositories\fR
Manage additional component repositories for Trusted Tester programs.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstall\fR
Install one or more Cloud SDK components.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List the status of all Cloud SDK components.

.TP 2m
\fBreinstall\fR
Reinstall the Cloud SDK with the same components you have now.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\fR
Remove one or more installed components.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\fR
Restore the Cloud SDK installation to its previous state.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update all of your installed components to the latest version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see all available components:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components list
.RE

To install a component you don't have:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components install COMPONENT
.RE

To remove a component you no longer need:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components remove COMPONENT
.RE

To update all components you have to their latest version:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components update
.RE

To update all installed components to version 1.2.3:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components update \-\-version 1.2.3
.RE
