
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services update \- update a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-affinity\-cookie\-ttl\fR=\fIAFFINITY_COOKIE_TTL\fR] [\fB\-\-connection\-draining\-timeout\fR=\fICONNECTION_DRAINING_TIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR] [\fB\-\-health\-checks\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-http\-health\-checks\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-https\-health\-checks\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-protocol\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR] [\fB\-\-session\-affinity\fR=\fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services update\fR is used to update backend
services.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the backend service.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-affinity\-cookie\-ttl\fR=\fIAFFINITY_COOKIE_TTL\fR
.RS 2m
If session\-affinity is set to "generated_cookie", this flag sets the TTL, in
seconds, of the resulting cookie. A setting of 0 indicates that the cookie
should be transient.

.RE
\fB\-\-connection\-draining\-timeout\fR=\fICONNECTION_DRAINING_TIMEOUT\fR
.RS 2m
Connection draining timeout to be used during removal of VMs from instance
groups. This guarantees that for the specified time all existing connections to
a VM will remain untouched, but no new connections will be accepted. Set timeout
to zero to disable connection draining. Enable feature by specifying a timeout
of up to one hour. If the flag is omitted API default value (0s) will be used.
Valid units for this flag are \f5s\fR for seconds, \f5m\fR for minutes, and
\f5h\fR for hours.

.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description for the backend service.

.RE
\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR
.RS 2m
Enable Cloud CDN for the backend service. Cloud CDN can cache HTTP responses
from a backend service at the edge of the network, close to users. Cloud CDN is
disabled by default. Use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cdn\fR to disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-health\-checks\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies a list of health check objects for checking the health of the backend
service. Health checks need not be for the same protocol as that of the backend
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-http\-health\-checks\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies a list of HTTP health check objects for checking the health of the
backend service.

.RE
\fB\-\-https\-health\-checks\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,[\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Specifies a list of HTTPS health check objects for checking the health of the
backend service.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
.RS 2m
The TCP port to use when connecting to the backend. \-\-port is being deprecated
in favor of \-\-port\-name.

.RE
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of a service that has been added to an instance group in this backend.
Instance group services map a name to a port number which is used by the load
balancing service. Only one \f5\fIport\-name\fR\fR may be added to a backend
service, and that name must exist as a service on all instance groups that are a
part of this backend service. The port number associated with the name may
differ between instances. If you do not specify this flag, your instance groups
must have a service named \f5\fIhttp\fR\fR configured. See also \f5gcloud
compute instance\-groups set\-named\-ports \-\-help\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-protocol\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR
.RS 2m
The protocol for incoming requests. \fIPROTOCOL\fR must be one of: \fBHTTP\fR,
\fBHTTPS\fR, \fBSSL\fR, \fBTCP\fR, \fBUDP\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-session\-affinity\fR=\fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR
.RS 2m
The type of session affinity to use for this backend service.
\fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR must be one of:

\fBCLIENT_IP\fR
.RS 2m
Route requests to instances based on the hash of the client's IP address.
.RE
\fBGENERATED_COOKIE\fR
.RS 2m
Route requests to instances based on the contents of the "GCLB" cookie set by
the load balancer.
.RE
\fBNONE\fR
.RS 2m
Session affinity is disabled.

.RE
.RE
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
.RS 2m
The amount of time to wait for a backend to respond to a request before
considering the request failed. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will
give backends 10 seconds to respond to requests. Valid units for this flag are
``s'' for seconds, ``m'' for minutes, and ``h'' for hours.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
