
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-pools create \- define a load\-balanced pool of virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-pools create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-backup\-pool\fR\ \fIBACKUP_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR\ \fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-failover\-ratio\fR\ \fIFAILOVER_RATIO\fR] [\fB\-\-health\-check\fR\ \fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR\ \fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-session\-affinity\fR\ \fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-pools create\fR is used to create a target pool. A
target pool resource defines a group of instances that can receive incoming
traffic from forwarding rules. When a forwarding rule directs traffic to a
target pool, Google Compute Engine picks an instance from the target pool based
on a hash of the source and destination IP addresses and ports. For more
information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/

To add instances to a target pool, use 'gcloud compute target\-pools
add\-instances'.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the target pool.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-backup\-pool\fR \fIBACKUP_POOL\fR
.RS 2m
Together with \f5\fI\-\-failover\-ratio\fR\fR, this flag defines the fallback
behavior of the target pool (primary pool) to be created by this command. If the
ratio of the healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below the specified
\f5\fI\-\-failover\-ratio value\fR\fR, then traffic arriving at the
load\-balanced IP address will be directed to the backup pool. If this flag is
provided, then \f5\fI\-\-failover\-ratio\fR\fR is required.

.RE
\fB\-\-description\fR \fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional description of this target pool.

.RE
\fB\-\-failover\-ratio\fR \fIFAILOVER_RATIO\fR
.RS 2m
Together with \f5\fI\-\-backup\-pool\fR\fR, defines the fallback behavior of the
target pool (primary pool) to be created by this command. If the ratio of the
healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below this number, traffic
arriving at the load\-balanced IP address will be directed to the backup pool.
For example, if 0.4 is chosen as the failover ratio, then traffic will fail over
to the backup pool if more than 40% of the instances become unhealthy. If not
set, the traffic will be directed the instances in this pool in the
\f5\fIforce\fR\fR mode, where traffic will be spread to the healthy instances
with the best effort, or to all instances when no instance is healthy. If this
flag is provided, then \f5\fI\-\-backup\-pool\fR\fR is required.

.RE
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR \fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
.RS 2m
Specifies an HTTP health check resource to use to determine the health of
instances in this pool. If no health check is specified, traffic will be sent to
all instances in this target pool as if the instances were healthy, but the
health status of this pool will appear as unhealthy as a warning that this
target pool does not have a health check.

.RE
\fB\-\-region\fR \fIREGION\fR
.RS 2m
The region of the target pool to create. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-session\-affinity\fR \fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR; default="NONE"
.RS 2m
Specifies the session affinity option for the connection. If \f5\fINONE\fR\fR is
selected, then connections from the same client IP address may go to any
instance in the target pool. If \f5\fICLIENT_IP\fR\fR is selected, then
connections from the same client IP address will go to the same instance in the
target pool. If \f5\fICLIENT_IP_PROTO\fR\fR is selected, then connections from
the same client IP with the same IP protocol will go to the same client pool. If
not specified, then \f5\fINONE\fR\fR is used as a default.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
