
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-INSTANCE\-TEMPLATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template \- set instance template for managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-template\fR \fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template\fR updates
the instance template for an existing managed instance group.

The new template won't apply to existing instances in the group unless they are
recreated using the recreate\-instances command. But the new template does apply
to all new instances added to the managed instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
Managed instance group name.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-template\fR \fITEMPLATE\fR
.RS 2m
Compute Engine instance template resource to be used.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance group manager to set instance template. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
