
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_START" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances start \- start a stopped virtual machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances start\fR \fINAMES\fR [\fINAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

\fBgcloud compute instances start\fR is used to start a stopped Google Compute
Engine virtual machine. Only a stopped virtual machine can be started.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAMES\fR [\fINAMES\fR ...]
The names of the instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
