
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP_MODULES_GET\-LOGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app modules get\-logs \- gets the logs for the given module



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app modules get\-logs\fR \fIMODULE\fR [\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR] \fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-append\fR] [\fB\-\-days\fR\ \fIDAYS\fR] [\fB\-\-details\fR] [\fB\-\-end\-date\fR\ \fIEND_DATE\fR] [\fB\-\-severity\fR\ \fISEVERITY\fR] [\fB\-\-vhost\fR\ \fIVHOST\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(PREVIEW)\fR This command gets the logs for the given module. Logs will be
downloaded to the file given as \f5\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR\fR. If not provided, the
logs will be printed to standard output. You can append new logs to an existing
downloaded log file by using the \f5\fI\-\-append\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIMODULE\fR
.RS 2m
The module to get the logs for.

.RE
[\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR]
.RS 2m
The file to write the logs to. If "\-" or if not given, logs are printed to
standard out.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR
.RS 2m
The version of the app that you want to operate on.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-append\fR
.RS 2m
Append the logs to an existing file.

.RE
\fB\-\-days\fR \fIDAYS\fR
.RS 2m
The number of days worth of logs to get. Use 0 for all available logs; default
is 1 day. This option cannot be used with \-\-append mode. Append mode will get
all logs since logs were last retrieved.

.RE
\fB\-\-details\fR
.RS 2m
Include all available data in each log line. Use \fB\-\-no\-details\fR to
disable.

.RE
\fB\-\-end\-date\fR \fIEND_DATE\fR
.RS 2m
End date (as YYYY\-MM\-DD) of period for log data. Defaults to today.

.RE
\fB\-\-severity\fR \fISEVERITY\fR
.RS 2m
The severity of app level logs to get. If not given, only request logs are
returned.

.RE
\fB\-\-vhost\fR \fIVHOST\fR
.RS 2m
Only return log messages from this virtual host. Defaults to all virtual hosts.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To download and print the last day's worth of request logs for a module, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules get\-logs mymodule \-\-version=1
.RE

By default, this will get only request logs (not application level logs). To get
your application level logs at a given severity level and higher, use the
\-\-severity flag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules get\-logs mymodule \-\-version=1 \e
    \-\-severity=debug
.RE

Logs can be saved to a file instead of being printed to standard out by
specifying a file name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules get\-logs mymodule \-\-version=1 \e
    ~/log_file.txt
.RE

You can append new logs to a previously downloaded log file by using \-\-append
mode:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules get\-logs mymodule \-\-version=1 \e
    ~/log_file.txt \-\-append
.RE

To download all available logs (not just the last day's worth), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules get\-logs mymodule \-\-version=1 \e
    ~/log_file.txt \-\-days=0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in DEVELOPER PREVIEW and may change without notice.

