
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-SSL\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-ssl\-proxies create \- create a target SSL proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-ssl\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR \fB\-\-ssl\-certificate\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-ssl\-proxies create\fR is used to create target SSL
proxies. A target SSL proxy is referenced by one or more forwarding rules which
define which packets the proxy is responsible for routing. The target SSL proxy
points to a backend service which handle the actual requests. The target SSL
proxy also points to an SSL certificate used for server\-side authentication.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the target SSL proxy.


.RE

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
.RS 2m
A backend service that will be used for connections to the target SSL proxy.

.RE
\fB\-\-ssl\-certificate\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR
.RS 2m
A reference to an SSL certificate resource that is used for server\-side
authentication. The SSL certificate must exist and cannot be deleted while
referenced by a target SSL proxy.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
.RS 2m
An optional, textual description for the target SSL proxy.

.RE
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
.RS 2m
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

\fBNONE\fR
.RS 2m
No proxy header is added.
.RE
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
.RS 2m
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".


.RE
.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.
