
.TH "GCLOUD_PREVIEW_APP_MODULES_CANCEL\-DEPLOYMENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud preview app modules cancel\-deployment \- \fB(BETA)\fR (DEPRECATED) Cancel an in progress or hung deployment of the given modules



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud preview app modules cancel\-deployment\fR \fIMODULES\fR [\fIMODULES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-server\fR\ \fISERVER\fR] \fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command is deprecated, and will soon be removed. It is no
longer necessary, given recent improvements to deployment infrastructure.

This command cancels an in progress or hung deployment of the given modules.
This command should only be necessary when a deployment fails and a subsequent
one cannot be started.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fIMODULES\fR [\fIMODULES\fR ...]
.RS 2m
One or more module names to perform this action on. To select the default module
for your app, use "default".


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-server\fR \fISERVER\fR
.RS 2m
The App Engine server to connect to. You will not typically need to change this
value.

.RE
\fB\-\-version\fR \fIVERSION\fR
.RS 2m
The version of the app that you want to operate on.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules cancel\-deployment default \-\-version=1
.RE

To cancel multiple deployments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud preview app modules cancel\-deployment module1 module2 \e
    \-\-version=1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

