
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_GET\-NAMED\-PORTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups get\-named\-ports \- lists the named ports for an instance group resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups get\-named\-ports\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fISORT_BY\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Named ports are key:value pairs metadata representing the service name and the
port that it's running on. Named ports can be assigned to an instance group,
which indicates that the service is available on all instances in the group.
This information is used by the HTTP Load Balancing service.

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups get\-named\-ports\fR lists the named ports
(name and port tuples) for an instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

\fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
The name of the instance group.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of results.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fISORT_BY\fR
.RS 2m
A field to sort by. To perform a descending\-order sort, prefix the value of
this flag with a tilde (``~'').

.RE
\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
The zone of the instance or instance group to get named ports for. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

For example, to list named ports for an instance group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups get\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

The above example lists named ports assigned to an instance group named
\'example\-instance\-group' in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.
