
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_PIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs submit pig \- submit a Pig job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs submit pig\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR \fICLUSTER\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR\ \fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR\ [\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-execute\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR] [\fB\-\-file\fR\ \fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-jars\fR\ [\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-params\fR\ [\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR\ [\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a Pig job to a cluster.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-cluster\fR \fICLUSTER\fR
.RS 2m
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.


.RE

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

\fB\-\-async\fR
.RS 2m
Does not wait for the job to run.

.RE
\fB\-\-bucket\fR \fIBUCKET\fR
.RS 2m
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.RE
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
.RS 2m
Whether to continue if a single query fails.

.RE
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR [\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A list of package to log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.RE
\fB\-\-execute\fR \fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
.RS 2m
A Pig query to execute as part of the job.

.RE
\fB\-\-file\fR \fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
.RS 2m
HCFS URI of file containing Pig script to execute as the job.

.RE
\fB\-\-jars\fR [\fIJAR\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to Pig and MR. May contain
UDFs.

.RE
\fB\-\-params\fR [\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A list of key value pairs to set variables in the Pig queries.

.RE
\fB\-\-properties\fR [\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A list of key value pairs to configure Pig.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Pig job with a local script, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit pig \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-file my_queries.pig
.RE

To submit a Pig job with inline queries, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit pig \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-e "LNS = LOAD 'gs://my_bucket/my_file.txt' AS (line)" \e
    \-e \e
    "WORDS = FOREACH LNS GENERATE FLATTEN(TOKENIZE(line)) AS word" \e
    \-e "GROUPS = GROUP WORDS BY word" \e
    \-e "WORD_COUNTS = FOREACH GROUPS GENERATE group, COUNT(WORDS)" \e
    \-e "DUMP WORD_COUNTS"
.RE
