
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute addresses list \- list addresses



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute addresses list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute addresses list\fR lists summary information of addresses in a
project. The \fB\-\-uri\fR option can be used to display URIs instead. Users who
want to see more data should use \f5gcloud compute addresses describe\fR.

By default, global addresses and addresses from all regions are listed. The
results can be narrowed down by providing the \fB\-\-regions\fR or
\fB\-\-global\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

[\fINAME\fR ...]
.RS 2m
If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of resources.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
.RS 2m
A regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names that do
not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

.RE
At most one of these may be specified:

\fB\-\-global\fR
.RS 2m
If provided, only global resources are shown.

.RE
\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
.RS 2m
If provided, only regional resources are shown. If arguments are provided, only
resources from the given regions are shown.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all addresses in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses list
.RE

To list the URIs of all addresses in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all of the global addresses in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses list \-\-global
.RE

To list all of the regional addresses in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses list \-\-regions
.RE

To list all of the addresses from the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and the
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses list \-\-regions us\-central1,europe\-west1
.RE
