
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns record\-sets list \- view the list of record\-sets in a managed\-zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns record\-sets list\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-name\fR\ \fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR\ \fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR\ \fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR\ [\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-limit\fR\ \fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR\ \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR\ \fIFIELDS\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGLOBAL\-FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command displays the list of record\-sets contained within the specified
managed\-zone.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

\fB\-\-zone\fR \fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
.RS 2m
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE

.SH "FLAGS"

\fB\-\-name\fR \fINAME\fR
.RS 2m
Only list record\-sets with this exact domain name.

.RE
\fB\-\-type\fR \fITYPE\fR
.RS 2m
Only list records of this type. If present, the \-\-name parameter must also be
present.


.RE

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

\fB\-\-filter\fR \fIEXPRESSION\fR
.RS 2m
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details run $
gcloud topic filters. If \fB\-\-limit\fR is also specified then it is applied
after \fB\-\-filter\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-flatten\fR [\fIKEY\fR,...]
.RS 2m
Flatten \fIname\fR[] resource slices in \fIKEY\fR to separate records for each
item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This also
flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def[]\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-limit\fR \fILIMIT\fR
.RS 2m
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. If
\fB\-\-filter\fR is also specified then it is applied before \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.RE
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR \fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
.RS 2m
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.RE
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR \fIFIELDS\fR
.RS 2m
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field.

.RE
\fB\-\-uri\fR
.RS 2m
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE

.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for a description of flags available to all commands.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-z my_zone
.RE

To see the list of first 10 record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-z my_zone \-\-limit=10
.RE

To see the list of 'my.zone.com.' record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-z my_zone \-\-name="my.zone.com."
.RE

To see the list of 'my.zone.com.' CNAME record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-z my_zone \-\-name="my.zone.com." \e
    \-\-type="CNAME"
.RE
